First compensation paid out to relatives of missing Malaysia Airlines flight passengers
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/482248/First-compensation-paid-out-to-relatives-of-missing-Malaysia-Airlines-flight-passengers
 16:48, Fri, Jun 13, 2014 
A girk walks in front of the wall of hope for missing Malaysia Airline flight MH370[EPA]The jet is thought to have crashed in the Indian Ocean on March 8 with 239 people aboard, but a search has found no trace. There were 153 Chinese passengers aboard.  Malaysian Deputy Foreign Minister Hamzah Zainuddin said that six Malaysian and one Chinese family had so far received initial payments of $50,000 (£30,000).Relatives of all 239 missing passengers can claim up to $175,000 (£103,000) and insurers are looking into the claims of a further 40 Chinese families.Mr Zainuddin said full payout – which comes via Malaysia Airlines’ insurance company - would come after the plane is found or officially declared lost.  But Steve Wang, a spokesman for some of the relatives, said today that families of 127 Chinese passengers have indicated that they will reject any preliminary compensation, partly because they think that Malaysia Airlines should be paying them economic assistance while the search for the plane continues.  He said they believe that this assistance should be unrelated to any payout given once the incident is ruled a crash and that Malaysia Airlines is trying to shirk that responsibility by offering the preliminary compensation. He said: "Once you can issue a convincing report that announces that all the people on the plane have died, then fine, we will move into the compensation phase." he said.  Meanwhile Malaysian and Australian officials discussed cost-sharing this week in Sydney, but Australian Transport Minister Warren Truss declined to say whether the country was even considering an even split of the bill for a search that will take months, if not years, and cost tens of millions of dollars at a minimum.   Related articles   Stray bullet may have downed the missing Malaysian jet   Families hopeful as raw data from search for missing Malaysia Airlines plane released   Could this image locate MH370? New evidence in hunt for missing plane   Search area is NOT final resting place of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370   Search for missing MH370 stalled as only ship left hunting breaks down   Mystery noise recorded in ocean on day MH370 vanished He said: "I don't want to give any indication as to where it's likely to end up.""We are talking about this with the Malaysians and other countries who have got a key interest."  The government expects to spend 90 million Australian dollars ($84 million) on the search by July 2015. But the actual cost to Australia will depend on how quickly the plane can be found and how much other countries are willing to contribute. A legal expert said Australia's obligations are murky because of the unprecedented nature of the plane's disappearance.  Countries are continuing to negotiate on how to fund the next phase of the sonar search of almost 21,600 square miles of seabed beneath water up to 4.3 miles deep.  Countries involved in the search, including Malaysia, Australia, the United States, China, Japan, Britain, South Korea and New Zealand, have carried their own costs to date. But Malaysian government lawmaker Jailani Johari, chairman of Malaysia's Liaison, Communication and Media Committee, told reporters in Kuala Lumpur this week that future costs "will be shared 50-50" between Malaysia and Australia.  
