Gethin Jones: I wish people would accept my nephew for who he is
https://www.express.co.uk//life-style/life/619711/Gethin-Jones-autism-nephew-rebounders-charity-interview
 09:46, Mon, Nov 16, 2015 
  IGGethin says he would run the Great Wall of China for his nephew, AlbyHe has flown with the Red Arrows, completed submarine escape training, survived the Bolivian jungle and been attacked by a Louisiana alligator. But by far the most nerve-racking episode occurred on the day he took his nephew Alby, now nine, to a Cardiff park two years ago. “My sister Mererid had gone to buy ice creams, leaving me with Alby and his brother Lenny,” says Gethin, who has presented Blue Peter and appeared on Strictly Come Dancing in 2007.“Alby [who is autistic] climbed a tree, came down the other side and simply disappeared – he’d just wandered off. He was so quick and we were terrified because he has no sense of danger and then when things go wrong, he gets incredibly upset. “He will run up to a strange dog to stroke it and then get very frightened because it behaves unexpectedly and suddenly everything is unfamiliar.” Alby was diagnosed with autism just before his fifth birthday and that diagnosis changed the family’s life immeasurably. Strict routines now govern every aspect of life – from teeth-cleaning to dressing – because Alby gets distressed when things go awry. “We have to think ahead all the time, because when things change he goes into a meltdown and gets incredibly sad. What if the ducks aren’t there when we go to the park? What if they don’t have his favourite sweets in the shop? Little things can unsettle him and make him very unhappy.”   GETTYGethin Jones has called for more support for families with autistic childrenAround 700,000 people in Britain have autism, which equates to over one in 100 of the population. “Autism affects everyone differently and while we don’t yet know what causes it, we think it is a neuro-developmental disability – something to do with the way the brain is wired,” says Mark Lever of the National Autistic Society. “Some people on the autistic spectrum may be under or oversensitive to sounds, touch, tastes, smells, light or colours which can make everyday life extremely difficult.“They can also find social situations and change a challenge, sometimes leading to extreme levels of anxiety and can experience a ‘meltdown’ if overwhelmed by anxiety and sensory overload. “So the child you may have seen screaming on a supermarket floor may well have autism and has been overwhelmed by the fluorescent lights or the drop in temperature as they pass the chiller cabinets.” Adults often develop coping mechanisms, such as a gentle rocking, to help themselves. “Alby lights up my life and I love doing things with him,” says 37-year-old Gethin. “We go swimming at our local pool, get dried and changed and then we always have a chocolate muffin.”   GETTYGethin was a contestent on the 2007 series of Strictly Come Dancing, finishing third overallBut on one occasion things went badly wrong when the leisure centre had run out of chocolate muffins.  Autism affects everyone differently and while we don’t yet know what causes it, we think it is a neuro-developmental disabilityMark Lever, National Autistic Society“Someone got on a golf cart and drove off to the resort’s hotel and came back with a chocolate muffin just for Alby, because they know him and understand how devastating it can be for him when things aren’t right. “He will spend hours watching the washing machine and looking at the bubbles or watching the electric sliding doors at our local pool. I even filmed them for him so he can watch the clip at home, which he loves. “Alby is a wonderful boy. Kids love Alby and he has a great set of friends but other parents can be judgemental, which makes me angry. We shouldn’t have to explain Alby’s behaviour to other people – he is just who he is.” Sticking to proper routines and setting boundaries can be challenging too. “His little brother Lenny, who is five, understands when he is being naughty,” says Gethin. “But Alby just doesn’t understand why, for instance, he can’t kick a football around the house. As far as he’s concerned, a ball is a ball whether it’s inside or out.” Unlike many people with autism, Alby’s condition was diagnosed early.   PHGethin was recently made a patron of the Rebounders charityRelated articles   Sesame Street welcomes its first autistic character, Julia, in bid...   Heartwarming moment barber sits on floor to make autistic child... As a physiotherapist working with children, his mother Mererid was quick to seek expert help. Now Alby attends a special unit within a mainstream school. “He has the best of both worlds,” says Gethin. “He has wonderful teachers and friends, yet gets the support he needs too.” Some 34 per cent of children with autism say the worst thing about being at school is being picked on, and 17 per cent have been suspended from school. Only 15 per cent of adults with autism are in full-time paid employment. “Autism is a serious, lifelong and disabling condition,” says Mark. “Without the right support, it can have a profound and sometimes devastating effect on individuals and families. “Early diagnosis is key in order that families get the right support and know what is wrong.“We are concerned, though, that average waiting times of more than three-and-a-half years for children and two years for autistic adults are pushing families to crisis point. Good support from school and family, good peer support and good out-of-school activities can make a huge difference – as can a bit of understanding from the public.”   PHRebounders is a Cardiff-based charity which helps those with additional needs to enjoy exerciseOne activity that has been proven to help children and adults with autism is trampolining. Five years ago Alby started attending Rebounders, a Cardiff-based charity which helps those with additional needs, to improve their mobility, balance and strength through the exercise. “Rebounders is amazing and Alby loves going there,” says Gethin. “He learns his routines on the trampoline and then the kids put on a public performance, which Alby finds challenging because he doesn’t like loud applause.” Set up in 2002 by former accountant Heather Sargent, who had watched on amazed as her daughter Aimee progressed to becoming a Welsh international trampolinist, Rebounders works with small groups of autistic and disabled children and adults.“They learn communication and social skills, including following instructions and taking turns,” explains Heather. “Our instructors have set routines for the children’s first turn and their final turn, so they know when it is time to give someone else a go. “People with autism can take instructions very literally,” she adds. “Telling a child with autism that their turn is finished and they should jump down could mean that they leap from the trampoline, so instead we ask them to use the steps. “Having routines and teaching social skills and sharing, as well as the trampolining skills, means that children and adults thrive – as well as going away with a badge for each new achievement.”   GETTYGethin says his young cousin Alby wants to be a bus driver when he is olderAs Alby’s uncle, Gethin was delighted to become patron of the charity. “I’d do anything for Alby – I’d run the Great Wall Of China for him and never stop for breath. I’d love children of my own and I love being with Alby. “Yet I worry about his future and whether he’ll be able to hold down a job. “But when I asked him what he wants to do, his answer was very simple: ‘A bus driver or work with washing machines’ – just like the woman who runs our local launderette and watches the washing go round all day.” National Lottery players (lotterygoodcauses.org.uk) raise £34 million a week for projects such as the National Autistic Society and Rebounders (rebounderstramp.com). For more information on autism contact the National Autistic Society at www.autism.org.uk or call the helpline on 0808 800 4104. 
