G20 Summit LIVE: Putin HIGH-FIVES and LAUGHS with Saudi Crown Prince in SHOCKING show
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1052394/G20-summit-2018-live-theresa-may-donald-trump-angela-merkel-eu-buenos-aires
 07:49, Fri, Nov 30, 2018 
   The surprise behaviour came as the two leaders took their seats with others before the plenary session at the event. Valdimir Putin's friendly behaviour towards the crown prince differed hugely with that of other leaders just minutes before. Earlier, the Saudi leader was sidelined and visibly ignored during the official ‘family photo’ of world leaders. Related articles   ‘My deal is GOOD for world economy!’ - May to tell G20 summit   Theresa May to CONFRONT Saudi Crown Prince over journalist’s MURDER After the photo was taken, all the leaders embraced each other, leaving the Crown Prince alone at the edge of the stage, who then made a sharp exit.Mr Putin’s friendly behaviour towards the Crown Prince is all the more surprising amid suspicions of his possible involvement in the killing of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul on October 2.Saudi Arabia has continued to insist the Crown Prince had no prior knowledge of the murder, which has severely tested the kingdom’s relations with nations around the world.Russia has so far not criticised Saudi Arabia or the crown prince over the killing.In October, Mr Putin said he lacked information about it and that Russia would not destroy relations with Saudi Arabia because of it.FOLLOW EXPRESS.CO.UK LIVE UPDATES BELOW    G20 live: Vladimir Putin and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman shared a high-five (Image: AFP / GETTY)9.10pm update: May CONFRONTS Saudi Crown Prince over Khashoggi murderTheresa May has told Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman he must take action to prevent future incidents like the murder of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi. Downing Street said in a statement: "The Prime Minister met with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman today during the G20 summit in Buenos Aires."The Prime Minister stressed the importance of ensuring that those responsible for the appalling murder of Jamal Khashoggi are held to account, and that Saudi Arabia takes action to build confidence that such a deplorable incident could not happen again."Noting the steps taken by the Saudi investigation since the Foreign Secretary had met with the Crown Prince and King Salman on 12 November, she encouraged the Crown Prince to ensure that Saudi Arabia co-operated fully with the Turkish authorities and worked to bring both investigations to an acceptable close.“To ensure full accountability there needed to be full transparency about exactly what had happened and who was responsible, in line with the commitments made by King Salman when she spoke to him on 24 October."On Yemen the Prime Minister set out the urgent need to bring an end to the conflict and bring relief to millions threatened by famine. She urged concrete Saudi support for UN Special Envoy Martin Griffiths and for progress at the upcoming Stockholm talks."The Prime Minister stressed that the humanitarian situation remained dire and reaffirmed UK commitment to making progress on improving the situation, including through a UN Security Council Resolution."The Prime Minister reiterated UK support for Saudi Arabia’s security, including the very real threats posed by Iranian interference in Yemen."  G20 live: Theresa May met Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman (Image: GETTY)7.50pm update: World leaders condemn protectionism ahead of crunch trade talksChinese President Xi Jinping and leaders of major developing economies have condemned protectionism at the G20 summit overshadowed by Donald Trump's threat to escalate tariffs in China. The issue between the two largest economies is hanging over the event, with the US and China imposing tariffs on hundreds of billions of dollars on each other's imports. Global markets are awaiting talks between the two sides over dinner on Saturday evening, aimed at resolving differences that are impacting global economic growth. Mr Xi and leaders from the group of leading economies - comprising Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa - issued a statement calling for open international trade and a strenghening of the World Trade Organisation. They said: "The spirit and rules of the WTO run counter to unilateral and protectionist measures.“We call on all members to oppose such WTO-inconsistent measures, stand by their commitments undertaken in the WTO."6.50pm update: China and US make progress - but issues still remainChinese and US negoitors made progress as they look to ease trading tensions, but differences still remain, a Chinese official told Reuters. Wang Xialong, the director general of the Foreign Ministry's department of international economic affairs, said: Consensus is steadily increasing. There are also differences."6.15pm update: Putin and Saudi Crown Prince HIGH-FIVE and LAUGH together Vladimir Putin and Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman exchanged a high-hive and laughed together as they took their seats next to each other at the plenary session at the G20 summit. The Russian President's friendly behaviour towards the crown prince contrasted hugely with that of other leaders at the Bnuenos Aires event, amid suspicions of his possible involvement in the killing of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi at the Saudi consulate in Istanblul on October 2.Earlier, the crown prince was left sidelined and largely ignored during the official "family photo" of world leaders. He then quickly exited the stage without shaking hands or talking with the other leaders.   Related articles   G20 summit 2018: Who is attending G20 summit? World leaders FULL LIST    G20 summit 2018: Wil Brigitte Macron and Melania Trump go to G20 2018?   G20 live: Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and Vladimir Putin enjoyed a warm welcome (Image: REUTERS)5.45pm update: Trump and Saudi Crown Prince have 'friendly meeting' The US President and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman had a friendly meeting on the edges of the G20 summit, Saudi-owned Al Arabiya TV has reported. The television channel did not give further details.5.40pm update: Trump encouraged ahead of crunch trade talks with China Donald Trump said he is encouraged by good initial signs on talks with China ahead of his meeting with President Xi Jinping on Saturday. The US President said: “We're working very hard. If we could make a deal that would be good.“I think they want to. I think we'd like to. We'll see.” 5.30pm update: Russia and Saudi energy ministers to discuss oil output reductionRussia's energy minister Alexander Novak will meet his Saudi counterpart to discuss possibly reducing oil output in 2019, the RIA news agency cited Mr Novak as saying. He was also reported to have said Russia's oil output is expected at the same level as this year but could be adjusted, depending on a deal between members and non-members of OPEC. The gorup and its allies are meeting in Vienna next week to discuss oil production.   5.15pm update: 'You NEVER listen to me!' Macron confronts Saudi Crown Prince over Khashoggi murderEmmanuel Macron has confronted Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman over the killing of Jamal Khashoggi. In a five-minute exchange on the sidelines of the G20 summit, the French President told him Europe would insist on international experts being part of the investigation into the murder of the Saudi journalist. The Saudi Gazette newspaper has posted a video online of the meeting between the two speaking in hushed tones with their heads close together. According to Reuters, the Crown Prince says "Don't worry", to which Mr Macron responds "I am worried". Later, in a one-minute clip, the French President says: "You nevr listen to me" and the Crown Prince replies: "I will listen, of course."At the end of the clip, Mr Macron can be heard saying: "I am a man of my word."The French government said it was the first time the French President and the Crown Prince had spoken since Mr Khashoggi's murder t the Saudi consulate in Istanbul on October 2.Mr Macron's office said the meeting was justified because European nations wanted to send a united message about the need for a thorough investigation and were not going to sidestep an opportunity to reinforce that message during the G20 summit. An official said: “We were not going to play hide and seek for 48 hours, it wouldn't make any sense."If we're here and he's at the table, let's be frank and not indulgent. Things that need saying will be said."4.50pm update: Argentine President calls for unity in openeing address Mauricio Macri kicked off the all-leader G20 session with a message of unity, and to "show the world that today global challenges require global responses". He also expressed hope the summit would "lay the foundation for consensus for the next 10 years. Mr Macri said: "The essence of the G20 is to foster dialogue while respecting differences."Many people look at us and have doubts regarding these summits and what they're good for."It is our duty to show to the world that today global challenges require global responses."  G20 live: The Saudi Crown Prince was on the edge of the group photo (Image: AFP / GETTY)4.40pm update: Italy confident it will avoid EU sanctions over 2019 budgetFollowing a meeting with the European Commissioner for Economic Affairs Pierre Moscovici in Buenos Aires, Italian Finance Minister giovanni Tria said: "I'm quite confident, we have to work on it."The meeting with Moscovici was cordial, we are talking, the objective is to avoid the infringement procedure. "I'm looking for a solution."When asked by reporters if the meetings on the sidelines of the G20 summit lead to the closure of negotiations with the EU, Mr Tria said: "We can not end this in a short time.'"we will continue to see each other over the next few weeks, I would say continuously."4.10pm update: Saudi Crown Prince on sidelines of G20 group photoSaudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman was visibly on the periphery of the official "family photo" of world leaders and other dignitaries at the G20 summit, standing at the far edge and ignored. Following the portrait, he quickly exited the stage without shaking hands or talking with other leaders. At centre stage was Argenitine President Mauricio Macri, who is hosting this year's event.The Saudi Crown Prince and Vladimir Putin later exchanged a high-five and a handshake, laughing heartily as they took their seats next to each other in the main meeting room.His presence at the international summit has been contentious following the killing of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul last month. 3.40pm update: Trump and Putin now WON'T have quick meetingThe White House has denied Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin will have a "scheduled pull aside" meeting at the G20 summit. A spokesman for the Kremlin had earlier said the US and Russian President would have an impromptu meeting at the summit just as any other leaders. This came after Mr Trump pulled out from the bilateral talks with Mr Putin following the seizure of three Ukrainian Navy ships by Moscow.   G20 live: Mauricio Macri called for unity during his opening address (Image: GETTY)3.30pm update: Earthquake strikes just south of G20 summitAn earthquake has struck near the G20 summit off world leaders in Buenos Aires.The European Mediterranean Seismological Centre said the 3.8-megnitude quake hit 33km south of the capital.Those in attendance at the crucial summit reported hearing rumbling before seeing “the chandeliers sway slightly”.After the quake hit, Steve Herman, the Whie House bureau chief for Voice of America, tweeted: "I was sitting next to [Voice of America reporter William Gallo] in the @WhiteHouse press filing centre here in Buenos Aires and we heard this rumble and saw the chandeliers sway slightly.“I assured him that as a veteran of many seismic events this was not an #earthquake. Wrong.”3.15pm update: Macron conveys 'firm messages' to Saudi Crown Prince over Khashoggi investigationEmmaneul Macron has told Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman that Europeans will insist on international experts being part of an investigation into the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. A French government official said during a five minite exchange on the sidelines of the G20 summit, the French President conveyed "very firm" message to the prince over the killing of the journalist, and on the need to fnd a political solution for the situation in Yemen. The Saudi Foreign Ministry had posted pictures on its Twitter feed of the Crown Prinnce meeting a number of world leaders, including the French President.2.50pm update: Wall Street cautious over crunch US-China trade meetingWall Street is set to open lower on Friday as caution built ahead of the high-stakes US-China trade meeting at the G20 summit. The meeting between the two countries is crucial as it could determine if the trade war that has impacted financial markets would ease or worsen. Donald Trump said on Thursday he was close to striking a deal but is unsure whether he actually wants to do it, while news of the President's hardline trade adviser Peter Navarro, is set to attend the meeting between Mr Trump and Xi Jinping, added to worries. Robert Pavlik, chief investment strategist and senior portfolio manager at SlateStone Wealth LLC in New York, said: "People don't want to get too optimistic heading into a meeting, because the President is kind of a wild card."You don't know how tough he'll be with this meeting and these negotiations."  G20 live: Wall Street is cautious about Donald Trump's meeting with Xi Jinping (Image: GETTY)Paul Withers taking over live reporting from Alice Scarsi.2.30pm update: Protesters gathered in Buenos AiresA crowd gathered outside the Argentine Congress in Buenos Aires to protest against the government's spending policies, as the country slips into a deep economic crisis and battles high inflation.But many has been protesting also against the leaders attending the summit. On Thursday night demonstrators flew a blimp of an angry baby Trump the Argentine Congress - the same which flew over the British parliament in July, when Mr Trump visited the UK. 2pm update: G7 calls on Russia to release Ukraine's ships and crewThe foreign ministers of the G7 state members expressed their "utmost concern" about Russia's actions against Ukraine in the Sea of Azov. Ministers of the UK, Italy, France, Japan, Germany, Canada and the US said there is "no justification" for Russia's use of force against the three ships seized on Sunday, and demanded Russia to immediately release them. The G7 representatives added they will "never recognise" Russia's annexation of Crimea, which followed the occupation started by Russia's armed forces in 2014.   G20 live: Vladimir Putin is welcomed by Argentina's President Mauricio Macri as he arrives for the G (Image: REUTERS)1.50pm update: Trump and Putin WILL have a meeting, Kremlin says A spokesman for the Kremlin said Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump will have an impromptu meeting at the summit just as any other leaders. This comes after Mr Trump pulled out from the bilateral talks with Mr Putin following the seizure of three Ukrainian Navy ships by Moscow. 1.40pm update: Suspicious package found near the G20 venue Police officers were spotted in Plaza de Mayo investigating a suspicious package. The area has been cordoned off by police while an investigation is underway. More than 24,000 police officers and security agents are working to protect the leaders attending the G20.   G20: Police officers investigating on a suspicious package (Image: GETTY)1.05pm update: Theresa May REFUSES to speak about a plan B if parliament rejects her deal When asked what her plan B for Brexit is if her agreement, approved by the EU27 on Sunday, is rejected by parliament during the December 11 vote, Mrs May told ITV she is proposing a "good Brexit deal for the UK". She said: "I'm proposing a deal, I'm proposing a Brexit with a good deal for the UK."She added the British people voted to leave the EU and it's the Government's job to deliver it. The Prime Minister also told the BBC the Labour Party was trying to betray voters by frustrating the government's attempt to implement Brexit. She said: "Sadly, what we see from the Labour Party is their various attempts to frustrate Brexit and frustrate this vote. "What I see from Labour is an attempt to frustrate what the government is doing to deliver Brexit for the British people. That is actually a betrayal of the British people."  READ MORE: Brexit live   G20 live: Theresa May said she is 'proposing a good deal for the UK' (Image: SWNS)1pm update: Vladimir Putin arrived in Buenos Aires for the G20 The Russian president has arrived in Argentina for the summit amid tensions concerning the current situation in the Sea of Azov. Earlier today, in a press conference to reporters, Donald Tusk said the European Union will extend its existing economic sanctions on Russia next month. He added: "Europe is united in its support to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity."This is why I am sure that the EU will roll over the sanctions against Russia in December." And on Thursday the US president, Donald Trump, pulled out a planned meeting with Mr Putin, blaming Russia's refusal to release Ukrainian Navy ships and their crew seized during a maritime clash on Sunday.    G20 live: Vladimir Putin arrived in Argentina for the summit (Image: REUTERS)12.30pm update: Donald Trump praises the new NAFTA agreement In a press conference alongside the Canadian and Mexican presidents, Mr Trump praised the "truly great achievement" made by the three leaders, who earlier today signed a new North American trade pact, which replaced the much-debated NAFTA agreement.Mr Trump thanked his collaborators for “the work they put into” the agreement, including his financial advisor Peter Navarro and the US secretary of state Mike Pompeo. He called the deal the "largest most significant modern and balanced trade agreement in history", adding it was "probably the largest trade deal made in history."The deal, the US president said, will "promote greater access for American exports across the range of sectors including farming."   G20 live: Donald Trump praised the new NAFTA agreement between the US, Canada and Mexico (Image: SKY News)12.25pm update: Jean Claude Juncker wants Italy to return to 'the Italy it has been'The president of the European Commission spoke about the ongoing row over the Italian budget. Mr Juncker said he will meet Italy's prime minister Giuseppe Conte after they had a "constructive" meeting in Brussels. He added: "I want Italy to be the Italy it has always been, inspiring the Union, not turning its back to it."We are with Italy if Italy is with us."The EU said earlier this month he is looking into sanctioning Rome over his draft budget, as it goes breaches EU regulations. 12.22pm update: The EU is 'united' against Russia The escalation of tension in the Sea of Azov is a "great concern" of the EU, Mr Tusk said, adding the EU will issue sanctions against Russia next month. He added the EU is united with Ukraine and will protect the sovereignty and the unity of Ukraine against Russia's aggression.12.20pm update: Donald Tusk says Brexit deal is the 'ONLY' possible deal Speaking at the G20 alongside Jean Claude Juncker, the president of the European Council said: "The EU has agreed on an orderly divorce with the UK."A few days before the vote in the House of Commons it has become more and more deal that this deal is the best possible - in fact the only possible one."If this deal is voted down there will be only two scenarios, no deal or no Brexit at all."The EU is prepared to all scenarios."  G20 live: Donald Tusk and Jean Claude Juncker (Image: REUTERS)11.50am update: Emmanuel Macron to discuss Renault-Nissan alliance with JapanEmmanuel Macron is set to discuss the 19-year long partnership between Renault and Nissan with Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe. The alliance is facing its biggest test yet after Carlos Ghosn, its larger-than-life leader, was arrested earlier this month for suspected financial misconduct.11.30am update: Theresa May to hold talks with Saudi Crown Prince Theresa May's spokesman confirmed the Prime Minister will hold a bilateral meeting with Mohammed bin Salman later today, at 8pm.Speaking about national politics, the spokesman added the Government is "focused" on winning the vote in Parliament regarding her draft Brexit deal, which will take place on December 11. 11.15am update: Donald Trump holds trade talks with Argentina's presidentMr Trump is holding his first scheduled meeting of the day with Mauricio Macri, the host of the summit. Speaking about Mr Macri, the US president revealed he has known him for many years.He added: "People wouldn't know that he was a young man, a handsome man."We’re going to be talking about lots of good things for Argentina and for the United States, including trade, including military purchases and other things."   G20 live: Donald Trump and Argentina's President Mauricio Macri (Image: REUTERS)10.50am update: Reason behind Merkel's plane emergency landing revealed Angela Merkel's plane emergency landing was caused by an "electronic failure", according to the German Air Force. The Chancellor and her finance minister were travelling together to Argentina on Thursday night, but the pilot of the government's aircraft was forced to operate an unscheduled landing following what Mrs Merkel is said to have called a "serious malfunction". Earlier reports from local newspaper said the landing sparked a criminal investigation, a claim dismissed by the country's air force. Mrs Merkel is currently travelling to Buenos Aires, and will arrive late to the summit. 10.30am update: Theresa May to SNUB Donald Trump at G20 summitThe Prime Minister is to meet many world leaders during the two-day gathering to speak in favour of her draft Brexit deal and seek opportunities for trade deals. But she will not hold bilateral talks with Mr Trump, aides claimed. The snub comes after the US president branded the Prime Minister's agreement a "great deal for the EU" and warned it could come in the way of a US-UK trade deal. READ MORE: 'It's going to be TOUGH' May hits back at Trump after US condemns Brexit deal   10am update: Russia says Donald Trump cancelled meeting with Putin over internal problems Russia claims US President Mr Trump cancelled his meeting with Vladimir Putin due to domestic issues rather than the current situation in Ukraine, spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said.She said: "Is the provocation started by Kiev in the Azov Sea a real reason for the cancellation?"We heard that as an official version and we accepted that. Is it a real one?"I believe we should look for answers in the US domestic political situation." On Sunday Russia seized three Ukrainian Navy ships, sending shockwaves across the world and sparking the outrage of leaders across the world.   G20: The meeting between Putin and Trump has been called off by the US (Image: GETTY)9.30pm update: Theresa May to raise issue of the campaign in Yemen to Saudi Crown Prince The Prime Minister declared her intention to speak about the Saudi-led military campaign in Yemen to Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman during the G20. His father Prince Mohammed launched the campaign in 2015. But now Western nations are calling for an end to the war, as it has sparked a humanitarian crisis that is worsening by the day. Mrs May told reporters ahead of the meeting: "On the issue of Yemen, we continue to be deeply concerned about the humanitarian situation."The long-term solution for the Yemen is a political situation and we will be encouraging all parties actually to look for that and work for that."      G20: Theresa May arrived yesterday night in Buenos Aires for the summit (Image: GETTY)9am update: Markets' anxiety over China-US meeting at G20 summit Financial and commodities markets are closely watching the summit and are particularly anxious to know the outcome of the meeting between Donald Trump and China's leader Xi Jinping. The state-run China Daily newspaper said in an editorial on Friday that an agreement can be reached in Argentina as both sides want a deal.However, Washington must be "fair-minded" if it wants to defuse spiralling tensions, the newspaper added. The meeting will be attended also by Peter Navarro, a trade adviser to Mr Trump who advocates a tough stance, according to Reuters.A US official said Mr Navarro's participation was meant to send a message to China about the administration's resolve.   G20 live: US president Donald Trump and his wife Melania arriving in Buenos Aires (Image: GETTY)8.40am update: No suspicion of criminal activity over Angela Merkel's plane's malfunctionThe German Air Force said that there was no suspicion of criminal activity regarding the "serious malfunction" suffered by the government's plane which was carrying yesterday night Mrs Merkel to the G20 in Buenos Aires. The latest news contradicts reports from German daily Rheinische Post, which cited security sources saying the government was looking whether the malfunction had a "criminal background". A spokesman for the German Air Force said there was no suspicion of any crime, adding: "It's a standard check of the radio equipment that failed."8.20am update: China wants to meet 'halfway' on trade with the US China's Foreign Ministry said it hoped the United States could show sincerity and meet the country halfway on trade. Beijing and Washington's leaders are set to meet during the weekend to hold talks that could be key to resolving the trade war they have been involved with since March. US President Donald Trump sent mixed signals on Thursday about the prospects for a trade deal with China, saying an agreement was close but he was not sure he wanted one.   G20 live: The flight path of the Airbus A340 government aircraft carrying Angela Merkel (Image: REUTERS)8am update: Angela Merkel praises 'superior response' of captain for safe emergency landing The German Chancellor spoke to Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen (CDU) following her plane's safe landing. Mrs Merkel described the pilot as the "most experienced flight captain of aviation". She added he spoke of an unprecedented failure of the communications system which was not thought possible. Mrs Merkel said the plane landed safely only thanks to the superior response of the captain.
