KANO’s build-your-own computers put power back with the people
https://www.express.co.uk//finance/city/875098/kano-computer-technology-digital-christmas-alex-klein
 00:01, Fri, Nov 3, 2017 
   The London-based company designs and makes computer kits that anyone can build themselves.The latest line-up typifies its mission to demystify tech and features two DIY machines, currently costing £112 and £230.New accessories adding to the performance include a motion tracking sensor and a light board with dazzling pixels for designing apps and games that connect to real world data.Kano’s portfolio is a power-grab for the people, making digital democratic, inclusive and entertaining for the creative and curious, whether you are six or 96, explains co-founder Alex Klein.   NCKANO’s build-your-own computers put power back with the people Kano gives people an enjoyable way to understand how the world around them works so they feel more in controlAlex Klein“We’re the only end-to-end computing company whose tech is as simple to build and shape as it is to use. Our devices, which can hold their own with other far more expensive laptops, allow someone to create their own technology and discover how to code, in simple steps through storytelling, physical computing and play.” Kano’s global community spans 86 countries, spawned by a different kind of computer company, one with “porous walls” through which some 30 million lines of code have been shared so far, says Klein.“This feeds the development of our physical kits which let you build PCs, screens, speakers, cameras and more, opening up the coding world for art, games, music and interactions online.”The business chose a “complete system strategy because we believe it’s the only way to solve the problem of technological passivity and consumerism,” he continues.   PHKano's latest DIY machines currently cost £112 and £230“For parents, kids, teachers and everyone else what is needed is something made by them, something they can engage with and try before they buy. “Ultimately then they know what is going on in the inside and have control, not just tap, swipe and use. “Our computers engage on average for over 13 hours in the first month alone as new users play with the possibilities of the technology.”It all began with challenge to Klein from a young cousin to make a computer as simple as Lego.After record-breaking £1.1 million crowd-funding launch in 2013 the company has sold more than 200,000 kits, in the process making programming and digital literacy accessible to the least connected or well-off.    PHKano’s global community spans 86 countriesKano was one of the first to be part of and benefit from Launchpad, Amazon’s programme designed to get new products recognition in the global marketplace helping them with e-commerce expertise and marketing. “Through that we could tell our story, reach new customers and expand the brand. The reviews were especially helpful for development ,” says Klein whose co founders are his cousin Saul and entrepreneur Yonatan Raz-Fridman.Its scratch computing approach has proved a star-pleaser too with Apple co-founder and coding supremo Steve Wozniak giving it the thumbs up, musicians Nile Rodgers, Daft Punk and tennis ace Novak Djokovic coming on board for workshops, and the business forging partnerships with governments (notably the US under Obama), and educational institutions. Lead investor is US venture capitalist billionaire Jim Breyer and other UK business heavyweights such as Sir Martin Sorrell and Sherry Coutu.   NCKano's portfolio is a power-grab for the people, making digital democratic and inclusiveThe company, which now employs over 70, harnessed open-source components from the supply chain in China where it manufactures and its latest computer “brain” is the Raspberry Pi 3.As a model it’s fast both getting to market and refreshing the design.“But hardware is hard,” reflects Klein. “For most start-ups it begins with an app, we’re weaving together physical components at the lowest possible price point, workshopped in 10 languages.”The most recent £21 million funding round has been invested in software and low cost kit as it continues its drive lowering barriers to entry.  PHKano is available to anyone, whether you are six or 96, Mr Klein saysKano is also showing Silicon Valley-style success can be a London tech enterprise one too in a city where it finds attitudes favour longer term thinking and there’s a rich pool of talent on hand in the colleges.Now ramping up mass retail and in more than 4,500 stores globally, the company’s plan is to extend its reach through partnerships with big platforms, teaming up with studios and launching in new regions and languages. While the products may well help nurture budding engineers and the next generation land jobs, the prime goal for Kano says Klein is “to give people an enjoyable way to understand how the world around them works so they can express themselves and feel more in control of their future”.The business’s name was inspired by Jigoro Kano, father of the more streamlined modern martial art of judo, and also means ‘I make’ in Greek.  Teacher, tech fear slayer and social bridge, the reasons to have a Kano look set to keep multiplying wherever you are in the world. Amazon Launchpad is a programme designed to help startups with innovative new products and market them to customers across the world. Since 2015, the Launchpad has worked with over 100 venture capital firms, accelerators, and crowd-funding platforms to help more than 1,000 new firms. www.amazon.com/launchpad
