Grand Designs viewers left ‘heartbroken’ when couple SPLIT UP in middle of build
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/8844670/good-life-couple-split-build-barn-home-grow-veg-chickens-grand-designs-the-street/
11th April 2019, 10:00 pm
A COUPLE who dreamt of going back to nature split up half-way through building a barn-like home on Grand Designs: The Street.
Viewers were shocked when James, 31, revealed on the Channel 4 show that his girlfriend Shannon, 28, had left him - but that he was determined to finish the house, where they wanted to keep chickens and grow veg, in order to win her back.
Channel 45 At the end of the show the quantity surveyor revealed he needed £50k to finish the interior
5 James and Shannon shared their desire to start a family at their new barn-like home at the start of the latest episode of Grand Designs: The Street
The couple were hoping to build their first property in a field near Bicester, Oxfordshire for a bargain £275k after growing tired of living on a new-build Coventry housing estate where they were stuck for space.
They had brought a "little bit of countryside", according to Shannon, to their identikit home by keeping chickens in the garden, but revealed they wanted to live in a place - where they could raise children - inspired by "agriculture" because it gives them "space, freedom" and will make them "happy".
However, part-way through construction, James fought back tears as he announced that their relationship had fallen apart.
He said: "All I've ever seen for the future is Shannon and I happily ever after.
Channel 45 The 'Good Life' couple said they wanted a home they could keep chickens and grow vegetables and had a £275k budget
5 They were unhappy with the lack of space in their current new-build in Coventry
"Beautiful home. Beautiful family. That was the dream. That was the plan.
"But we were having some problems and unfortunately Shannon has left me.
"I think the build has been a catalyst and sped things up really. I am heart-broken."
The quantity surveyor - who was juggling his job with directing the build - added: "I don't know what the future holds, but I think if I can build this house, and I can do it well, then she will realise that we should be together."
Those watching at home shared their heartbreak for James, who had suffered set-backs to building from day one of the ten-month schedule when construction materials were late arriving.
One person wrote: "I'm crying at this ep of grand designs........ the guy's girlfriend left him halfway through the build."
Another commented: "If Shannon turns up at the end I seriously hope James has the balls to tell her where to go.. #granddesigns
A third shared: "Oh the poor lad on #GrandDesigns left mid build!"
Channel 45 James revealed that Shannon had left him mid-build - but revealed he hoped to win her back by finishing the house
I'm crying at this ep of grand designs........ the guy's girlfriend left him halfway through the build— rose (@styleshozier) April 11, 2019


If Shannon turns up at the end I seriously hope James has the balls to tell her where to go.. #granddesigns— David Malley (@LichfieldWolfy) April 11, 2019


anyone who knows me, will know I love grand designs...but this #granddesignsthestreet IS BREAKING MY HEART!!! pic.twitter.com/YEMwvO0smk— Nathan James (@TheNathanJames) April 11, 2019


Oh the poor lad on #GrandDesigns left mid build!— Kate A (@Katyx) April 11, 2019


"That glimmer of hope within James almost seems to catalyse this project," said host Kevin McCloud of James' drive to finish on time and within budget.
He was also seen being forced to move into the building site to sell their home and raise money to finish the project.
Eventually, he completes the outer shell of the house and garden with a stunning finish for £270k, but will need to spend an additional £60k to finish the interior.
"I've felt low at times," he admitted. "But I've picked myself up and become more resilient."
At the end of the show - during which Shannon does not reappear - Kevin added: "This was an intelligent, hard-fought solo achievement."
It was the latest in the series following people constructing their own bespoke homes at custom built community Graven Hill in Oxfordshire after Cherwell District Council invited 2,000 residents to purchase plots of land for £100K.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination 
Earlier today we took you inside the messy celeb wardrobes Essex Style Sisters get paid £1000 to transform.
A clean-mad mum has sparked outrage with her "aggressive" list of pantry rules and says "if you mess it up I will cut you".
Last week, we told you how a couple spent double their £150k budget after aiming to build the cheapest house on their street using hemp.
Grand Designs' Kevin McCloud examines the renovated Dinton Castle 

