Who are the fresh faces Theresa May has brought into Government to revitalise the Tories?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5294506/who-are-the-fresh-faces-theresa-may-has-brought-into-government-to-revitalise-the-tories/
9th January 2018, 5:22 pm
THERESA May has brought in a whole host of fresh faces into Government to try and turn around the party's fortune.
Promoting a string of junior MPs into Tory head office and some into her ministerial teams with a reshuffle, the Prime Minister hopes to show Britain her Government is serious about delivering for Britain.
EPA19 Theresa May is freshening up her top team with a raft of new faces - and promoting some others who have been in post already
Some of her top team have been moved around too, with some secretaries of state being put in new departments.
James Brokenshire was also forced to resign yesterday due to ill health - he needs an urgent operation on his lung but will remain as an MP.
Which new faces has Mrs May brought in to help her cling onto office?
James Cleverly - new Tory party deputy chairman (previously a private secretary to Brandon Lewis in the Home Office)
thelondonpaper19 James Cleverly is known for his witty messages shared on social media
This feisty backbencher has been making waves since he was elected to Parliament as the MP for Braintree in 2015.
He was formerly a soldier, and also represented his area in the London Assembly, working with Boris Johnson when he was Mayor.
He's keen to put Labour in its place, and regularly posts sassy and well-liked tweets attacking their top team and policies.
He wrote last year that the party needed to "get its mojo back" or would risk seriously losing support to Jeremy Corbyn, who picked up a number of seats in June's election.
Cleverly said in the Financial Times: "We should not waste time by gossiping, speculating or plotting about replacing the prime minister. Instead, let us inject a big dose of energy and enthusiasm into the Conservative cause, fire up our campaigning machine and take the battle of ideas to Labour."
New Tory vice chair says Chris Grayling error a 'mistweet' by an 'overexcited' person in CCHQ
Caroline Nokes - Immigration Minister
AFP or licensors19 Immigration minister Caroline Nokes arriving in Downing Street
Times Newspapers Ltd19 Nokes pictured in 2002 when she was standing for Romsey in Hampshire
The Romsey North MP has been bumped up into the Cabinet into the tricky position of Immigration Minister.
She was in Government already in her role at the Department for Work and Pensions, but will now attend Cabinet with Theresa May.
Previously nicknamed a Cameron 'cutie', the Tory Mp once had an affairs with a party activist 10 years her junior, her husband revealed - even meeting him in a London hotel room after a Commons vote.
"I've been told I'm too pretty to be in politics," she told Glamour magazine back in 2005 - but she says she was inspired to stand for Parliament by the 1997 intake that were dubbed 'Blair's babes'.
 
Nadhim Zahawi - Parliamentary Under Secretary of State at the Department for Education
19 Mr Zahawi's family fled to Britain when he was just seven
The Stratford-Upon-Avon MP was one of the original founders of the polling company YouGov - along with Stephan Shakespeare. He was CEO of the firm until he won his seat in 2010.
He's also a keen horse-rider and ran a riding school along with wife Lana - and once won 'craziest parking ticket of the year' in 2004 for getting slapped with one when he was in an ambulance after a moped accident.
But in 2011 he was left red faced when his musical tie went off in a Commons debate. The Deputy Speaker advised him to choose his officewear more carefully in future.
Last year he spoke up against Donald Trump's travel ban which prevented a number of Brits born in other countries from visiting the US.
He told the Sun today that he was "over the moon" with his appointment.
 
Damian Hinds - Education Secretary
AFP or licensors19 Damian Hinds was appointed Education Secretary last night, replacing Justine Greening
The Catholic grammar school graduate will be more in tune with Theresa May's beliefs than his predecessor, the comprehensive-educated Justine Greening.
After being elected to his East Hampshire constituency in 2010, was made Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury in 2015 before becoming Employment minister in 2016 under Mrs May.
Before he entered Parliament he spent his life working in pubs, breweries and the hotel industries.
He's also a former chair of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Social Mobility - which will please the PM who wants to continue to show a focus on the issue.
 
Suella Fernandes - Parliamentary Under Secretary of State at the Department for Exiting the European Union
Facebook19 Suella Fernandes, a Treasury aide went against Philip Hammond's plans to support a hard Brexit letter urging ministers not to stay in the Single Market during a transition period
The ardent Brexiteer, first elected to Fareham in 2015, will be a good fit for her new role in the Brexit Department - but could also ruffle some feathers.
Last year the MP, whose parents emigrated to Britain from Kenya and Mauritius, caused a rift in her own department when the then Treasury aide went against her boss Philip Hammond and urged ministers not to stay in the Single Market during a transitional period.
The ex-barrister, who is also the former chair of the European Reform Group, headed up a letter, signed by dozens of Eurosceptic Tory MPs, which said that we should not stay in the EU "by stealth" and it would be a "historic mistake" to continue with the status quo.
She's also a Commissioner on the Social Market Foundation commission on inequality in education, an interest which will please Mrs May - and is a graduate of the Armed Forces Parliamentary Scheme.
 
Brandon Lewis - new Tory party chairman (previously an Immigration Minister in the Home Office)
PA:Press Association19 Brandon Lewis has been appointed the new chairman of the Conservative Party
Brandon Lewis takes on a new role from Patrick McLoughlin, as the chairman of the party - and also gets the brief of Minister without Portfolio.
After the botched election result, Mrs May needs a new face to help her turn the party's luck around.
A former colleague at the Home Office, 46-year-old Lewis has been the MP for Great Yarmouth since 2010.
And he impressed quickly, being promoted to a junior minister in the Department for Communities and Local Government in 2012 before being appointed Minister of State for Housing in 2014.
In 2016 he was moved to the Home Office and promoted to the Privy Council.
He's also a good media performer and is regularly sent out to the airwaves to bat for the Tories and defend major announcements.
Mr Lewis is a close ally of former Cabinet heavyweight Eric Pickles - the pair once hosted a show on an Essex radio station called The Eric and Brandon Show.
 
Esther McVey - Secretary of State for Work and Pensions (formerly an Employment Minister in the Coalition Government)
Reuters19 Esther McVey is making a comeback to the cabinet - two and a half years after she lost her Commons seat
Esther McVey is new to Theresa May's Cabinet this year, but has worked with her in the past as employment minister in the Department for Work and Pensions.
The MP for Tatton won George Osborne's old seat in 2017 - two years after she was booted out in a shocking defeat in 2015. She also eyed up standing in David Cameron's old seat in Witney when he resigned.
The former GMTV presenter once posed for a series of saucy snaps in her underwear, a low-cut top, and a towel.
The law graduate modelled for a magazine shoot in 1999 - and declared she was celibate curing her stint as the early morning starts were not conductive to "rumpy pumpy".
The Tory poster girl topped a list of the female politicians married men would most like to bed back in 2015 - which also saw blonde bombshell Boris Johnson top the choice for female voters.
But she attracted a lot of criticism for suggesting that the rise of people going to food banks was a part of the Tory austerity project.
And Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell once made comments about her being lynched during a comedy night attended by leftie activists and Labour politicians.
ALAN OLLEY/SCOPE FEATURES.COM19 As a TV presenter, Esther McVey took part in a rather racy photoshoot
PA:Press Association19 The former employment minister lost her seat in the 2015 election - but won another one back in 2017
 
Claire Perry - Minister of State for Climate Change and Industry
Getty Images - Getty19 Claire Perry seemed happy with her promotion to Immigration Minister last night
This won't be the first time Ms Perry has been in Government, but it is the first time she'll be able to attend Cabinet meetings after being given her new job as a Business Minister.
But it's not always been such sunlit uplands - the once Rail Minister threw in the towel last year as she was "fed up of justifying how c*** our railways are", she told friends.
She bravely took on The Sun's Choo Choo Challenge back in 2014 and jumped on a crammed train from Reading to London - meeting disgruntled commuters who had to sit on the floor to travel.
The MP was also ordered back in 2012 to pay compensation for unfairly sacking one of her members of staff - and had to cough up £1,296.88.
And her Leaver colleagues won't be impressed when they remember that she once said she felt Brexiteers were "like jihadis in their support for a hard Brexit".
Good luck Claire...
 
Matt Hancock - Culture Secretary
19 Matt Hancock rocking out at last year's Tory conference
The former Digital Minister will be happy he stayed put under Theresa May and put his head down to work - rather than leaving Government like many other of George Osborne's allies.
The newly promoted grime fan will be fondly remembered by MPs and journalists alike for singing not only Queen classic Don't Stop Me Now at last year's Tory party conference, but also for belting out Happy Birthday... to himself.
The 39-year-old will be the youngest Cabinet minister in May's reshuffled team - and last night he proved he could still handle a late night as he partied with Rita Ora at a London Fashion Week dinner.
He revealed recently that his favourite song is Ed Sheerman's Galway Girl (what, Matt?).
19 Matt Hancock was happy to be given the role of Culture Secretary yesterday
 
Kemi Badenoch - Vice Chair for Candidates (CCHQ)
Rex Features19 Kemi Badenoch was once mistaken for a Labour MP
The Prime Minister's warm up act for last year's Tory conference speech quickly made a name for herself since becoming an MP last June.
Hailed as a bright rising star, the 37-year-old MP for Saffron Waldon in Essex was thrust into the spotlight with an intensely personal speech, full of optimism and belief in Britain.
She migrated from Nigeria aged just 16 - with just a passport and £100 in her pocket - and now she will be helping CCHQ get in good candidates in time for the next election.
Studying for A-Levels part-time while working in McDonalds before studying computer systems engineering, Badenoch is an ideal advocate for Mrs May's aims to try and push a 'British dream'.
After a short stint in IT, she became interested in politics and was elected to the London Assembly in 2016.
In her maiden speech she said she was often "mistaken for a member of the Labour party" - but is Conservative to her roots after living under socialist policies.
She said: "Growing up in Nigeria I saw real poverty… Going without electricity, doing my homework by candlelight because the state electricity board could not provide power. Fetching water a mile away in heavy, rusty buckets because the nationalised water could not get water to flow from the taps."
In Theresa Mays new cabinet...The numbers:

31% leave campaigners
11 who went to private schools
48% went to Oxbridge
Average age: 50
34% are women


 
Ben Bradley - Vice Chair for Youth (CCHQ)
19 Ben Bradley says the Tories need to change their image so they stop being seen as just a party of old, grey men
He once won beard of the year, but now this stubbly young Tory will be the vice-chair for youth in CCHQ.
The MP for Mansfield plays goal in a men's hockey team - and has a strong Instagram game you should definitely check out.
He's only in his late twenties, and also entered the Commons along with Badenoch in 2017
Bradley wants to tackle the "huge challenge" of turning around the stereotypical Tory image of only attracting old, grey blokes.
"If the trends continue from 2017 in terms of young people, people from ethnic minorities who just don't vote for us," says Mr Bradley, "then we're going to be in a mess."
He says the party needs more people like Georgia Toffolo - who admitted on this year's I'm a Celebrity Show that she was a proud Tory - to put the party's message across.
 
Lucy Frazer -  Parliamentary Under Secretary of State at the Ministry of Justice
19 Lucy Frazer is MP for South East Cambridgshire
Jewish MP Lucy Frazer has become a Justice Minister today - after only being elected to her South East Cambridgeshire seat in 2015.
 
Rishi Sunak - Parliamentary Under Secretary of State at the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government
Solent News19 Tory backbencher Rishi Sunak has said that Britain will find itself with 'opportunities to innovate after leaving the EU'
Another Brexiteer for Mrs May's Government comes in the form of 2015-intake MP Rishi Sunak.
The MP represents Richmond, Yorks, in ex-Tory leader William Hague's old seat.
His political progress has been closely followed in India, because his wife Akshata is the daughter of billionaire tech tycoon Narayana Murthy, founder of one of the country's largest firms.
Earlier this year he hit out at the EU's "dismal record" of opening up new trade markets for member states, arguing that outside the Customs Union, Britain can get back control of its trade policy.
He's also a strong advocate of cheese, and has pushed for more help to be directed to dairy farmers struggling in his constituency in Yorkshire.
He has also admitted to a formidable sweet tooth - eating a chocolate muffin for breakfast every morning and slurping down gallons of Coke.
 
Oliver Dowden - Cabinet Office minister
Barcroft Media19 Oliver Dowden has also been promoted
David Cameron's deputy chief of staff has been promoted into the Cabinet Office team.
He previously worked for the Conservative Research Department and PR firm Hill & Knowlton.
The MP for Hertsmere was given a CBE in the 2015 honours list - and since coming into Parliament has been active on the Pensions Committee and Public Administration Committee.
 
Kit Malthouse - work and pensions minister
Last year the MS Society had to ask Kit Malthouse, the North West Hampshire MP, to resign as a charity patron after he voted in support of disbility benefit cuts.
Members booted him after he opted in favour of slashing Employment Support Allowance by £30 a week.
Before his election as an MP, he was the Deputy Mayor for Business and Enterprise under Boris Johnson when he was Mayor of London, and also worked on the London Assembly.
He will be in charge of pensions - replacing Guy Opperman.
Reshuffle: who has been sacked, and who stays?What we know so far....Chris Skidmore is Vice Chair for Policy
Andrew Jones is Vice Chair for Business Engagement
Marcus Jones is Vice Chair for Local Government
James Morris is Vice Chair for Training and Development
IN AS JUNIOR MINISTERS
Jo Johnson - transport minister and minister for London (previously universities minister)
Sam Gyimah - universities minister (previously prisons minister)
Alok Sharma - employment minister (previously housing minister)
Dominic Raab - housing minister (previously justice minister)
Rory Stewart - justice minister (previously Foreign Office minister)
Caroline Dinenage - health minister (previously work and pensions minister)
Stephen Barclay - health minister (previously Economic Secretary to the Treasury)
Margot James - culture minister (previously small business minister)
Harriett Baldwin - Foreign Office minister (previously defence minister)
Rishi Sunak - housing, communities and local government minister
Lucy Frazer - Justice Minister
Oliver Dowden - Cabinet Office minister
Kit Malthouse - Work and Pensions minister
Robert Jenrick - Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury
Nadhim Zahawi - Education Minister
Suella Fernandes - Brexit Minister
OUT AS JUNIOR MINISTERS
Mark Garnier - sacked as trade minister
Philip Dunne - resigned as health minister
Robert Goodwill - sacked as education minister
John Hayes - resigned as transport minister

MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan BOO WHAT? Labour bans Julia Hartley-Brewer from Conference for shouting boo in 'safe space' PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find SCAN AND SEARCH Police should use hi-tech cameras to scan yobs for knives, Khan rival says FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April 
PM Theresa May appears on Downing Street with Conservative Party Chairman Brandon Lewis and his team
Other announcements include:

Patrick McLoughlin leaving the Tory front bench after more than 30 years
A host of new vice chairs including rising stars from the 2017 intake Kemi Badenoch
James Brokenshire resigning as Northern Ireland secretary due to ill-health
David Lidington moving to Cabinet Secretary from Justice
Cabinet big beasts Amber Rudd, Philip Hammond, Boris Johnson, Jeremy Hunt and David Davis confirmed to be staying put
Sajid Javid also stays in the same department, which is newly named "Housing, Communities and Local Government"


