Mystic Meg reveals what the stars have in store for your family, friendships and home in 2018
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/horoscopes/5247675/mystic-meg-reveals-what-the-stars-have-in-store-for-your-family-friendships-and-home-in-2018/
1st January 2018, 11:11 pm
HOW will your fortunes fare this year? The answers are in the stars.
Discover if you are living in the right home, how your family relationships will unfold and which friendships really matter with Mystic Meg’s guide to what’s in store for you in the next 12 months.
Refer to Caption12 Mystic Meg shares what’s in store for your relationships, work-life and property in the next 12 months
Aries
March 21 - April 20
FAMILY FOCUS: Jupiter inspires self-searching in 2018, where you examine your role in a family.
Also expect surprises in inheritance and support levels.
In May, talking is crucial.
Two family full moons, on January 2 and December 22, are times for relatives’ revelations.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: The truth isn’t always easy to speak or hear, but it forms a firm foundation for Aries friendships in 2018.
When you meet new people, especially from March 22 until April 15, be your true self and resist temptation to put on a show.
CLOSE TO HOME: There’s a slow build-up to thoughts of moving or remodelling your home.
March 29 is crucial and you suddenly see how to create more space.
By the end of June you can be well on your way, with a vision that wows everyone.
Taurus
April 21 - May 21
Alamy12 By co-operating together in a home-based project, your family will grow closer in 2018
FAMILY FOCUS: The key to successful family life is co-operation.
Working together on a home-based project is a great way to grow closer.
From mid-May, Uranus enters your sign and you can make unusual ideas fly – especially with a plan lasting several years.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: The full moon on March 2 is a cue to end perfectionism in relationships.
New pals are likely to appear in physically-challenging situations, especially around May 13. Work colleagues seem too good to be true? They may be just that.
CLOSE TO HOME: There’s no place like home for Taureans, and it is your year to make it even better – by tackling jobs you keep putting off.
If you’d like to move, digging in your heels is not the answer; try to stay as flexible as you can and widen your search criteria.
Gemini
May 22 - June 21
Alamy12 Rethinking timetables and expenses will leave family members much more happier
FAMILY FOCUS: Shared values such as honesty and hard work are up for discussion this year and when you lead these talks, positive energy emerges.
Just one small tweak to a family timetable or expenses can leave so many people with so much more.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: Your friendship sector urges you to be more direct and ask for what you need.
The eclipse on February 15 could accelerate an old conflict, but with a surprise outcome.
New faces you meet at a networking event can all last for life.
CLOSE TO HOME: If you’ve longed to live in two places, this can start happening in 2018 as plans firm up.
And you find time and cash easier to split.
March 2 is the date you spot an address that starts as unlikely but soon shapes into something very special.
Cancer
June 22 - July 22
Alamy12 Uranus inspires experimental work-life which means unconventional ideas can be your success
FAMILY FOCUS: There’s a freedom to your family chart building to a leap, towards the end of 2018, into a lifestyle that works better for all.
Closeness that doesn’t suffocate is your way forward, as you show loved ones how to have fun and build strong bonds.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: Saturn is in your co-operation zone all 2018 and beyond, promising plenty of time to get yourself noticed, and accepted, in exciting new groups.
May 19 is a day to repair trust. In July avoid all-or-nothing ultimatums with colleagues.
CLOSE TO HOME: Unconventional Uranus steers your chart towards experiments and this can mean some unlikely ways of living, but you also have the determination to make them work.
So whatever your ideas, success can lie in your own hands.
Leo
July 23 - August 23
Vetta - Getty12 Old friends are re-energised and new relationships that seem insignificant could transform your life on every level
FAMILY FOCUS: Jupiter is in your family zone until November, promising a golden time for you and those closest to you.
Favours will be repaid, trust will be rewarded and destabilising doubts dispersed.
April 30 and November 7 are great dates to put a shared dream you’ve never given up on back on the table.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: Your special gift is an ability to break established patterns and see other people’s pure potential.
So old friendships are refreshed and new contacts that start small can grow to enrich your world on every level.
CLOSE TO HOME: Jupiter and Pluto bond in your property sector in mid-January.
This can bring close a home that you sense is your forever address.
Stone gateposts and a ceramic number are clues.
Virgo
August 24 - September 22
Alamy12 New colleagues with connections to America are people to watch for a revolutionised bond
FAMILY FOCUS: Your family lines of communication are flung wide open all year, right until November – when your domestic happiness zone is switched on.
Events in February, when Mars shakes up your domestic sector, can mark the start of something special.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: Neptune reverses from June 18 to November 24 in your one-to-one zone, and you are ready to revolutionise bonds with people who you work or socialise with.
A new workmate with links to America is the one to watch.
CLOSE TO HOME: An address you’ve visited several times and always loved may suddenly come up for sale or rent around March/April, so have all your paperwork in order.
Instead of focusing on practical factors, go with your inner instincts.
Libra
September 23 - October 23
Alamy12 Uranus will power up your independence, leaving you able to spend more time solo
FAMILY FOCUS: You have the influence of Pluto, and from April 22 to September 30, big changes surprise and please you.
The family pecking order reverses and a name from the past is in your future.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: Your year starts with a lunar eclipse in your community zone on January 31, sparking an overhaul of names and faces you know have not been good for you. With Uranus also revving up your independence, you’re ready to have more time solo, but also choose company more carefully.
CLOSE TO HOME: A casual comment at a group event can gather speed, so by spring you’re on the move.
January 17’s moon is lucky for your property plans and around the end of June you’ll step through a door you sense is part of your future.
Scorpio
October 24 - November 22
Alamy12 By enforcing some tough-love on your family, you will be able to transform bond between generations
FAMILY FOCUS: You can be the captain of a family team and set the agenda that gets results.
But still make sure everyone enjoys the game.
You’ll start in mid-February with some tough love that transforms a bond between generations.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: Saturn gives you magnetic presence.
But let new friends approach and don’t dive in until you’re really sure.
Quiet, slower bonds fit better than party animals.
Old mates feature from July onwards.
Your first instinct is the right one.
CLOSE TO HOME: You can cut through so many excuses and obstacles to change your decor or address from mid-January to mid-February.
Through the summer you can seal a brilliant deal and have the courage to keep going at just the right time.
Sagittarius
November 23 - December 21
Agency Collection - Getty12 Until mid-May, your sociability chart is incredible so make sure you get in contact with friends you wish you saw more often
FAMILY FOCUS: You are super- sensitive all year, but especially from mid-June to the end of November.
Talk through those difficult family subjects and lift restrictions on your time and finances.
Listen to others and family life will be transformed.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: Your sociability chart is brilliant until mid-May, so follow up on contacts you wish you had made more of.
New friendship may start with rivalry, even a disliking – but don’t give up.
Old mates do need you, so listen to your heart and get in touch.
CLOSE TO HOME: A seaside-linked address, gardens with water and a home that includes a quiet space can all rejig your future.
February brings a surprise, key-shaped question, July extends a family twice, and at Halloween you set your sights on a whole new life.
Capricorn
December 22 - January 20
Alamy12 Listening carefully to a friend who talks about home as it may be yours by the end of the year
FAMILY FOCUS: The person in your circle who brings up the past (perhaps yourself) is ready to move on.
The first part of the year is geared towards individual wants, but by May a shared goal will be centre stage.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: On April 30 you’ll know who should be on the new Team Capricorn – and who you need a bit of distance from.
Jupiter adds glitter to your relationships chart and fame and fortune are key factors in new friendships.
If an old friend tries to push you away, the closer you should stay.
CLOSE TO HOME: March and April are your sun-kissed months to start a search for a new address.
“S” locations, unpainted front doors, arched windows and a garden office can be crucial.
A home that a friend mentions in January can be yours by December.
Aquarius
January 21 - February 18
Alamy12 You may clash with friends and colleagues at the end of January but others you may flourish with in November
FAMILY FOCUS: You’re soppier in 2018 but more prepared to show it.
This can transform your role in a family.
You realise that giving in sometimes doesn’t make you a pushover – and also that the heart can (and should) sometimes rule your head.
Stick with discussions from January to May.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: An intense time for close bonds at the end of January and sparks may fly.
Contacts you’ve established by November can blossom.
In August, follow up on an old friend’s name you can’t shake from your mind.
CLOSE TO HOME: April and May are great months for planning a refurb – from a new address to a new look.
In June, a short trip, perhaps music-related, leads to a moving decision.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSMYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks MYSTIC MEG May 21: A mix of romance and determination speeds up partnership plans WRITTEN IN THE STARS What's my star sign? Here are the Zodiac dates and what they mean MYSTIC MEG May 20: A moon of passion will help partners tune into each other’s feelings RevealedMYSTIC MEG What love really has in store for YOU in the New Year — from hot dates to babies SIGN OF THE TIMES This is what a rising sign is and how to calculate yours 
Pisces
February 19 - March 20
MBI12 Your summer will be relaxing and care-free, but until then you must detangle confused family dynamics
FAMILY FOCUS: You’re ready to be daring in the summer and let your usual rigid rules relax.
But first, spend early 2018 trying on a tougher face.
You’ll be firm but fair.
Detangle confused family roles in March and get back an over-crowded home in June.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES: You have a drive to help others – but check they want to be helped.
And try not to confuse friendship with control.
Be careful over a face from your past that reappears in May.
CLOSE TO HOME: New colours and layouts in the home can give you a change of scene.
But you want more inspiration and excitement from where and how you live – an epic change for you.
A house with a history, white stone steps, No6, and locations linked to battles can all feature in your home-making programme.

