Mystic Meg reveals what the stars have in store for your career and bank balance in 2018
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/horoscopes/5243647/mystic-meg-reveals-cash-predictions-2018/
31st December 2017, 11:28 pm
IF you are hoping for a wealthy 2018, you may be in luck thanks to the position of Saturn.
This most powerful of planets is in the best possible place to help you emerge from the coming year as a financial winner.
Alamy12 Saturn is in the best position possible for you to get lucky with money in 2018
Here, MYSTIC MEG reveals what the stars could hold for your career – and your bank balance – over the next 12 months.
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
WORKING AND WINNING: This is a year for reassessing careers.
Wild- card Uranus pushes on in your sign tomorrow, making the weeks until May 15 crucial for getting ideas in shape.
Mars also powers ambitions in April and May, so you make an impression on a high-powered team all through summer. In October, say yes to a chance to sample someone else’s job.
The more active you are, the better.
Alamy12 Meg says that for the Aries it is the year for reassessing careers
GETTING RICHER: After thinking outside the money box all spring, a long Mercury stay makes you super-shrewd from March 6 until May 13.
You see opportunities everywhere. A travel investment comes good in February and in November other people’s dreams open a surprise earning door.
Say yes when a friend of a friend asks you to join in with a food-based plan.
12 Read on for Meg's predictions
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
WORKING AND WINNING: This year promises to be rich in ambition.
Major career restructuring begins in May, even if it only starts in your mind.
Any doubts that are holding you back should be dispelled.
In August, there is extra cash to be made from sharing hobby skills.
Alamy12 For Taurus this year is going to be rich in ambition
And October is the perfect time to complete a course or make your boldest decision ever.
GETTING RICHER: Big-ticket items such as holidays move more into reach. In March, you can write off a family or friendship debt and feel so free.
July brings a chance to double an investment while September is your month to suggest switching earning or learning roles at home.
Throughout 2018, Saturn helps you to manage money expectations – both your own and those of people you care about.
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
WORKING AND WINNING: This year takes you towards so many new people and places.
A job with a high level of travel can head up your agenda.
Hard-working Saturn adds a steady hand to your chart of change, so you smile through dealing with everything work throws at you.
Near January 31, you sense a personal drive that by May is in full flow.
Alamy12 Geminis are advised to trying to find new ways to make money deals during the first half of June
All summer, Mars ensures the higher you set your sights, the greater your success.
GETTING RICHER: Group cash endeavours or any project that finds a place in your local community can make an impact on your bank balance in late March or early April.
Mercury transforms the first half of June into a golden time for trying new ways of making or shaking up money deals.
The quietest person in your circle can have some world-beating ideas this year, so do listen.
CANCER
June 22 to July 22
WORKING AND WINNING: The first five months of 2018 are your time for solo projects, pushing boundaries and starting a business, even in a small or part-time way.
When independent Uranus moves to your co-operation chart in May, you are in prime position to collaborate with all kinds of people, even celebrities.
GETTING RICHER: It’s time to face up to those secret thoughts about cash.
Taking back power over money is the most proactive, positive thing you can do – and your 2018 chart is with you all the way.
Refer to Source - Alamy12 Starting in May, Cancers will be collaborating with all kinds of people, even celebrities
Jupiter makes you ­creative and imaginative, helping you find a way linked to social media to bring in big money.
In February, a chat in a queue for healthy food leads to profits.
September turns back time in a family investment strategy, and in December a gift can double in value overnight.
LEO
July 23 to August 23
WORKING AND WINNING: The strength and stamina of Saturn is settled in your career chart all year, so you can ­afford to take things steady.
Do your research on a work change, gather opinions and weigh up your options.
Work that really means something to you is in your future.
Side-stepping hiring procedures to go straight to the top can prove a positive tactic.
Alamy12 Leos settled into their career chart all year
GETTING RICHER: A reversal of spending or saving habits feels drastic but can work so well, as it provides the dramatic reboot you need.
After some turbulence, you will be on a straight and steady path.
Choose the person in a family who never blames or complains to talk things through with.
Writing or speaking about fitness can be a moneymaker, as you have the original ideas ready to be shared.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
WORKING AND WINNING: A triple-whammy of planet power makes your work year start with unexpected success – and it only gets hotter.
Mars’ energy and ideas feed into a fresh viewpoint that impresses bosses all spring, then in summer jazzes up your career chart through to November.
Offers will pour in. From April 17 to September 6 you are full of surprises but so efficient.
GETTING RICHER: A plan that starts brewing in the first two weeks of January can bear fruit in the first half of September, as Mercury makes so many sums in your life add up – some for the first time.
Getty - Contributor12 Meg says that Virgos negotiating skills will sizzle in March and April
You can loosen rules that have restricted your spending choices and find a way of doing so that leaves you richer.
Mars adds even more heat to your sizzling negotiating skills in March and April, when a good deal can become a great one.
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
WORKING AND WINNING: Creativity is your strength but you may have been wondering how to put it to work.
This is the year to find out.
With the courage of Mars on board, plus a secure base of Saturn’s self-confidence, your ideas can fly, wowing workmates and new contacts.
By the end of April, the time for talking is done and it is action all the way.
Alamy12 For Libras it's all about linking the past to the present
November has you on an extra-income path that twists and turns but moves fast.
GETTING RICHER: Linking past to present is the key.
Talk with family members to unearth a cash source in January or February and stick to a property plan in April or May.
Look to local history over the summer and when Mercury spends two weeks with you from September 21, your deal-spotting radar is turbo-charged.
A chance to change your future will become clear by Christmas.
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
WORKING AND WINNING: You are on the way up and Jupiter has your back – but you also have your feet firmly on the ground thanks to Saturn.
This planet combination makes you truly unbeatable.
If you have struggled to fix a career plan before, it is easy now.
The support you need is close, especially when a spring meeting is brought forward.
12 Meg says that for Scorpio's you should take emotion out of the equation and negotiate with your head, not your heart
From May to October, Mars helps turn past experience into future success and your learning potential is off the scale.
GETTING RICHER: While progress may seem slow for the first few months of the year – apart from a Mars-powered bargain-finding spell in February – it is heading in the right direction.
When you overlay Jupiter’s magic on top, this can be life-changing.
Take emotion out of the equation and negotiate with your head, not your heart.
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
WORKING AND WINNING: Most of your year is a big build-up for the major planet excitement of the final two months. But that doesn’t mean 2018 is quiet.
March finds you with a fresh, feisty Mercury mindset, asking all the right questions of the right people.
In May, Mars mans your communication zone until autumn and the wild side of work shows through as Uranus shifts to your career chart.
Unusual or outrageous job options are so right for you.
Getty - Contributor12 Meg says that Virgo's negotiating skills will sizzle in March and April
In November and December, with Jupiter on board, you are reaching for the work stars, moving towards a specialist world.
GROWING RICHER: Saturn is in your money zone all year and it shows in some wonderful ways.
A key change is your sense of control over what you spend and why.
Family or friends who lean on you too much step back.
CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
WORKING AND WINNING: Saturn is with you for a three-year stint, making long-term career plans your strong point.
When you firm up vague hopes and dreams into something more concrete, big changes start to happen.
You have the magical cash creativity of Mars for the mid-part of the year, helping everyday money go further and creating space for learning new skills.
GETTING RICHER: You are getting bolder with cash, being more inclined both to spend it and lend it, as Mars masters your cash chart from May until November.
Alamy12 Meg says that Capricorns will be getting bolder with cash
You find pleasure in splashing out on the people and things you love.
A company that shares your family name, or a nickname, can be a money-spinner in the spring, while the lunar eclipse on July 27 is when a cash role-reversal really slots into place.
AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
WORKING AND WINNING: Stand well back because your career rocket is ready to take off.
Yes, you have Jupiter’s golden glow in your ambition chart for most of the year, plus Mars in your own sign.
But your ruler Uranus is the icing on your success cake, bringing the right words at the right times, firming up contacts and contracts across so many levels.
You may not do what anyone expects, but you will get results.
 
GETTING RICHER: If you have been running away from big money decisions, the year’s planet combinations help you face them and fix them.
Set up healthy new cash habits by the end of April that switch your mindset first to “can do” then to “will do”.
In summer, talk honestly to those closest to you about where and how your cash approaches need coordinating.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination 
PISCES
February 19 to March 20
WORKING AND WINNING: You are the year’s best team-player, with Saturn to steady your nerves and maintain your patience.
In career terms, this helps you rise so fast through a group.
A new world of work can feel familiar far sooner than you expect.
Making big leaps in rewards or responsibility is Mars’ department and summer is the key time to test this.
Mercury spends February 17 to March 6 in your sign, so you can ace exams and interviews.
GETTING RICHER: Independent Uranus spends the months to May in your cash chart, urging you to go it alone – with a new bank account, setting aside money for yourself or making more of your own cash decisions.
From March 22 to April 15, Mercury mixes things up and you may sell or buy something unexpected for profit.

