Meghan Markle is a ‘true humanitarian’ claims charity she worked with in Rwanda and India
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5030603/meghan-markle-is-a-true-humanitarian-claims-charity-she-worked-with-in-rwanda-and-india/
29th November 2017, 8:48 pm
A CHARITY campaigner who worked in India with Prince Harry's bride-to-be Meghan Markle says the star is a "true humanitarian".
Laura Dewar, of charity World Vision, travelled to India with former Suits actress Meghan in January to fight gender inequality and has heaped praise upon the star for her work in her role as a global ambassador.
PA:Press Association15 Meghan, seen here on a visit to Rwanda with World Vision in 2016, has been praised by the charity for her work
Describing the 35-year-old as "exceedingly genuine", Laura said:
"She really genuinely connects with people. She's a very curious individual because she asks lots of questions.
"She was very supportive of the girls and very encouraging as they shared their stories.
"The word that keeps coming to mind is that she's exceedingly genuine."
Who is Meghan Markle? Prince Harry’s girlfriend and Suits actress
PA:Press Association15 Meghan is said to have a passion for changing the lives of children
PA:Press Association15 Meghan wrote about her experience with the charity for Time magazine, highlighting the plight of girls
TIM STEWART15 Meghan will be giving up her charity work until after she is married, to focus on settling into life in the UK
TIM STEWART15 Actress Meghan will also be giving up her role in TV drama Suits as well as her charity work
Meghan's work with World Vision started when she visited Rwanda in 2016 to help with a clean water campaign.
On the trip to Delhi and Mumbai, she visited projects designed to remove barriers to education for girls.
One project provided female pupils with separate wash-rooms while another gave girls bicycles to make getting to school easier when they often faced harassment during the long walk to get there.
Meghan also visited girl empowerment groups, where youngsters are taught to speak up for one another if friends are taken out of school to be married, and where the young women are given self defence classes.
PA:Press Association15 The star's sunny personality shines through in these touching pictures of her time in Rwanda
TIM STEWART15 Laura Dewar of World Vision described Meghan as a "true humanitarian"
TIM STEWART15 Laura Dewar described Meghan's smile as brightening up a room
TIM STEWART15 The star appeared in video footage where she's shown dancing with youngsters
But American Meghan's engagement to Prince Harry means she'll be giving up her charity work with World Vision to focus on her life with the royal family in the UK.
Kensington Palace said on Tuesday that the American star would become a British citizen, and also would be focusing on her new life, rather than past charities.
Harry's communications secretary Jason Knauf said: "She has made the decision that she wants to start with a clean slate and focus on the UK, and getting to know this country, and travelling around the Commonwealth."
Laura paid tribute to Megan's work, saying she can't wait to see what the future holds for her and the prince.
TIM STEWART15 Meghan's charity work has meant working with children and communities living in poverty
PA:Press Association15 Her broad smile and how approachable she is meant she was a big hit with World Vision
 
MOST READ IN NEWSGAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack FARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone HAMM SLAM Philip Hammond sparks uproar from Brexiteers in rant over consequences of No Deal CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April YOU MOZ BE JOKING School music lessons must 'swap Mozart for Stormzy' to improve grades PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find ME-OUCH Cat owner's face swelled & she ended up in hospital after scratch caused reaction 
"When you first meet Meghan Markle what you're struck by is how very naturally beautiful she is.
"She's also remarkably approachable. She was very open to a conversation about the kinds of causes that moved her and that she would like to learn more about.
"We're deeply grateful for her contribution as a global ambassador for World Vision over the past two years and for helping to raise awareness for the world's most vulnerable children.
"I personally witnessed Meghan's passion to improve the lives of children, and know her heart to advocate for the rights of girls - to hear and amplify their important voices.
TIM STEWART15 In Rwanda, Meghan was helping on a clean water project
TIM STEWART15 It is not known which charities Meghan will become patron of after her marriage to Harry
Reuters15 The couple publicly announced their engagement on Monday
PA:Press Association15 Meghan and Harry will marry in spring, in a ceremony at the chapel in Windsor Castle
"She will undoubtedly bring vast energy to her charity work as a member of the royal family.
"We can't wait to see what the future holds for her and Prince Harry - a couple who clearly have a heart for social justice."
Megan and Harry will marry in spring at St. George's chapel in Windsor Castle, the same church Harry was christened in.
It is a more intimate surrounding for the ceremony than Westminster Abbey, where Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge were married.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

