Theresa May urged to scrap ‘destructive’ overseas aid target by two LABOUR veterans
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4889896/theresa-may-urged-to-scrap-destructive-overseas-aid-target-by-two-labour-veterans/
10th November 2017, 7:16 pm
THERESA MAY was urged today to scrap the “destructive” overseas aid target – by two LABOUR veterans.
Piling pressure onto the PM, former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, said too much taxpayers’ cash was going on “jobs for middle class whites”.
PA:Press Association3 Former foreign secretary Jack Straw spoke out against the aid target
And Clare Short, Britain’s first International Development Secretary, said the £13 billion spent on overseas aid was only useful if “well spent, not in itself”.
The Government has to spend 0.7 per cent of total economic output on overseas aid under laws introduced by David Cameron.
Ms Short said: “I am afraid that the Department for International Development has lost capacity – and that 0.7 per cent has ended up being destructive.
“The UK development community needs a serious debate about what has gone wrong and how to put it right.”
EPA3 David Cameron's aid target has come under fire yet again
The incendiary comments come ahead of official figures which will next week show Britain has once again hit the 0.7 per cent target for 2017.
The Sun can reveal Tory MPs have been privately lobbying the Chancellor to raid the huge pot of money for his upcoming Budget.
John Redwood told the Sun the cash should be used to care for refugees in the UK – and help the NHS develop vaccinations – thereby freeing up money in other departments.
Priti Patel quit as Development Secretary last week after a year-long turf war with the Foreign Office over the aid budget.
Getty3 Penny Mordaunt (left) replaces Priti Patel (right) after she resigned earlier this week
Her replacement Penny Mordaunt is believed to share concerns about too much of the £13 billion being wasted on NGOs and consultants because of the need to hit the 0.7 per cent goal.
Jack Straw, who served as Tony Blair’s Foreign Secretary, told Prospect Magazine: “I don’t think protected budgets are an aid to good government.
“Those departments don’t have to argue their corner and they get sloppy.
“It leads to officials in Dfid searching for projects to spend money.
“An awful lot of money goes to spend on jobs for middle-class whites.”
Boris Johnson takes foreign ministers ROWING in bizarre activity day at his Government-owned country retreat
Senior Tories were enraged by the revelation after Hurricane Irma that overseas aid could not be used on the clean-up of the British Virgin Islands – as the overseas territory was judged too “rich”.
Chancellor Philip Hammond is believed to have shared the concern.
In one of her last acts, Ms Patel forced the Paris-based OECD to bend the rules to allow aid to count against catastrophe relief in the future.
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan BOO WHAT? Labour bans Julia Hartley-Brewer from Conference for shouting boo in 'safe space' PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find SCAN AND SEARCH Police should use hi-tech cameras to scan yobs for knives, Khan rival says FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April 

