Jeremy McConnell throws a boozy hotel room party with a half-naked girl while doing community service for assaulting ex girlfriend Stephanie Davis
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4722214/jeremy-mcconnell-throws-a-boozy-hotel-room-party-with-a-half-naked-girl-while-doing-community-service-for-assaulting-ex-girlfriend-stephanie-davis/
19th October 2017, 4:01 pm
JEREMY McConnell threw a boozy hotel room party in Cardiff last night - despite being in the city to carry out his community service.
The shamed Irish model is currently staying in the Welsh capital to complete the 200 hours of unpaid work he was sentenced to by a judge for assaulting ex-girlfriend Stephanie Davis.
Snapchat11 Jeremy McConnell has enjoyed a wild night in a Cardiff hotel room
Snapchat11 The shamed Irish model is in the city to carry out his community service
Snapchat11 Jeremy had a booze filled bash at the hotel
But instead of keeping a low profile and learning from his past mistakes, Jeremy decided to throw a post-booze up party in a hotel room.
Having already posted pictures on Snapchat of him singing along to music in a pub, one of Jeremy's three companions - one man and two women - then took to the app and shared footage of their rowdy antics once they were back in the room.
The foursome ordered a number of bottles of wine from room service, before one of the women ended up lying face down on the double bed in just her thong and a black top.
The shot was captioned 'Hotel Life' and 'Yes' while images of Jeremy letting his down had 'Yassss' written across them.
Snapchat11 A picture of a woman with her bare bottom on display was posted on Snapchat from the hotel room
Snapchat11 The gang, which included two women and another man, ordered lots of wine from room service
Snapchat11 Jeremy had been seen drinking in a pub in the city earlier in the evening
Snapchat11 The former Celebrity Big Brother star was clearly making the most of his time in Cardiff despite his reasons for being there
His night out comes after Stephanie found out about his new girlfriend - a single mum he met while doing community service in Cardiff.
The Irish reality star shared a very cosy picture with Demi-Leigh Wilson, 21, after meeting her through friends he’s been staying with.
Pretty Demi, who comes from Rhondda, Wales, has a young daughter and has been hanging out with Jeremy and his pals.
Jeremy has been playing the field since he relocated there and has been snapped with a number of female admirers.
Instagram11 Jeremy McConnell has won over Demi-Leigh Wilson, who met the Irish hunk while he was carrying out his community service
But pals say Demi-Leigh is really into Jeremy and would love if there was a future for them.
A friend told The Sun Online: “Jeremy’s really charming and Demi-Leigh is really keen.
Instagram11 The pretty 21-year-old is smitten with Jeremy according to her pals
“She knows his history but he’s won her over.
“Everyone’s warned her that he’s a player but she doesn’t seem to mind. In her eyes, Jeremy’s just a hot Irish celebrity and there’s nothing else to it.”
As Jeremy moves on with his life however, Steph – who is mum to Jeremy’s baby son Caben-Albi – is furious he’s found someone new.
Instagram11 Despite knowing Jeremy has been playing the field while in Wales
Instagram11 Jeremy's ex Stephanie Davis is said to be seething about his behaviour in Cardiff

A source close to the actress told The Sun Online: “As soon Steph was told there was someone new on the scene, she lost her rag completely.
“She was hopeful that he might sort himself out and they could have a civil relationship but seeing him going to parties and sleeping around makes her so angry.
“He’s supposed to serving his punishment for attacking her but it seems like he’s just having one big party. And now he’s even managed to get a new girlfriend out of it. It’s like a really bad joke for Steph.”
Most Read in TV & ShowbizExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


