Stephanie Davis furious after Jeremy McConnell reveals his new girlfriend – a 21 year old single mum from Cardiff he met while doing community service
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4720507/stephanie-davis-furious-after-jeremy-mcconnell-reveals-his-new-girlfriend-a-21-year-old-single-mum-from-cardiff-he-met-while-doing-community-service/
19th October 2017, 12:59 pm
STEPHANIE Davis is seething after finding out about Jeremy McConnell’s new girlfriend – a single mum he met while doing community service in Cardiff.
The Irish reality star shared a very cosy picture with Demi-Leigh Wilson, 21, after meeting her through friends he’s been staying with.
Instagram5 Jeremy McConnell has won over Demi-Leigh Wilson, who met the Irish hunk while he was carrying out his community service
Pretty Demi, who comes from Rhondda, Wales, has a young daughter and has been hanging out with Jeremy and his pals.
Jeremy, who’s in Wales to complete his 200 hours of community service after being found guilty of assaulting Steph, has been playing the field since he relocated there and has been snapped with a number of female admirers.
But pals say Demi-Leigh is really into Jeremy and would love if there was a future for them.
A friend told The Sun Online: “Jeremy’s really charming and Demi-Leigh is really keen.
Instagram5 The pretty 21-year-old is smitten with Jeremy according to her pals
Instagram5 Despite knowing Jeremy has been playing the field while in Wales
“She knows his history but he’s won her over.
“Everyone’s warned her that he’s a player but she doesn’t seem to mind. In her eyes, Jeremy’s just a hot Irish celebrity and there’s nothing else to it.”
As Jeremy moves on with his life however, Steph – who is mum to Jeremy’s baby son Caben-Albi – is furious he’s found someone new.
A source close to the actress told The Sun Online: “As soon Steph was told there was someone new on the scene, she lost her rag completely.
Alamy Live News5 Jeremy has been sweeping the streets as part of his 200 hours of unpaid work
“She was hopeful that he might sort himself out and they could have a civil relationship but seeing him going to parties and sleeping around makes her so angry.
“He’s supposed to serving his punishment for attacking her but it seems like he’s just having one big party. And now he’s even managed to get a new girlfriend out of it. It’s like a really bad joke for Steph.”
Rex Features5 Friends of Steph told The Sun Online she was furious after seeing Jeremy treat his punishment 'like one big party'
A second insider added: “Steph’s main priority is her son and she is staying positive about turning her life around without Jeremy.”
Last night his wild partying ramped up a notch as his pals filmed him drinking and dancing.
A half naked woman was also pictured lying face down on the bed as they cheered and laughed.
Earlier this week, he also shocked fans by getting a large tattoo of a nun snorting power on his leg.
The Sun Online has contacted Steph and Jeremy’s representatives for comment.


Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

LATEST FROM STEPH DAVIS GAGA FOR DADA Steph Davis plans to marry Owen Warner after revealing Caben calls him 'dada' daddy issues Hollyoaks star Steph Davis says son Caben never had a father 'love you hubby' Stephanie Davis and Owen Warner call each other husband and wife 'I DID IT' Steph Davis shares joy at Best Actress nomination a year after suicide attempt 'Heartbreaking' Hollyoaks fans devastated as Sinead is convinced to forgive rapist husband STEPH'S BIG MOMENT Stephanie Davis praised by Hollyoaks fans after harrowing rape scenes no remorse Hollyoaks viewers horrified as Laurie gaslights wife Sinead after raping her hellish husband Hollyoaks fans sickened as Sinead is raped by twisted husband Laurie dress dreams Steph Davis sparks engagement rumours to Owen by following wedding dress page POOLSIDE PECK Steph Davis snogs toyboy Owen Warner by the pool while on holiday in Spain SpoilerHORROR HUSBAND Hollyoaks horror for Steph Davis' character Sinead as she's raped by Laurie STEPH-ADA FAMILIA Steph Davis wears high-cut swimsuit on Barcelona holiday with Owen Warner 
 

