The Queen ‘won’t approve’ of Harry and Oprah’s new TV project as mixing Hollywood and royals doesn’t end well, royal expert claims
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/8840630/queen-wont-approve-harry-oprah-tv-project/
11th April 2019, 12:21 pm
THE Queen “won’t approve” of Prince Harry and Oprah Winfrey’s new partnership, a royal expert has claimed.
Former Royal Editor Duncan Larcombe said “mixing Hollywood and royals hasn’t ended well” in the past.
CBS9 Prince Harry will be partnering up with ex-talk show host Oprah Winfrey in an multi-part documentary about mental health
It was announced this week that Prince Harry is working with the world famous American presenter on a multi-part documentary about mental health for Apple.
There are plans in place for Harry to feature “on camera”, though it is yet to be revealed if he will be interviewed by TV producer Oprah.
Duncan told Fabulous Digital that the strategic partnership is more evidence of “The Meghan Effect” over Prince Harry.
He said: “It’s obviously another very clear sign, Harry is going along with Meghan rather than the other way around.
Getty - Contributor9 Prince Harry will be starring in the mental health documentary series for Apple
“These new charities and projects he’s got involved with the partnership with Oprah Winfrey is more evidence of ‘The Meghan Effect’.”
Duncan warned that in the past, blurring the lines between celebrity and royal hasn’t been the best idea.
He said: “Traditionally when members of the royal family have mixed their causes with celebrity, it hasn’t got particularly well.
“Sarah Ferguson has come under criticism for mixing in celebrity circles.
“The royals tend to stay away from endorsing in particular celebrities. So it is quite new and is probably something I would suggest the Queen would have reservations with.
“It’s a definite break from tradition. We know the Queen is a stickler for tradition.”
Getty - Contributor9 Royal editor said the Queen may have her reservations about the project due to the royals collaborating with celebrities
Oprah was a guest at the royal wedding last may when Harry married Meghan Markle, 37, and it's thought she and the prince have been negotiating ideas for the TV piece for many months.
And Duncan pointed out that the royals working with Hollywood stars is proof of Meghan’s influence in the relationship.
Duncan added: “It’s evidence of Meghan bringing her own into the relationship. I don’t think this is necessarily a bad thing.
“Harry knew what he was getting into when he married her, or got engaged to a single-minded, ambitious, successful American actress.
“Clearly Meghan is no shrinking violet.”
PA:Press Association9 Duncan said the announcement is evidence of Meghan's influence over Harry
The royal expert added that the move is yet more evidence that Prince William and Prince Harry are drifting apart when it comes to their work.
Duncan added: “They are going off in very different directions.
“If William and Kate stand for anything as a couple, as a stereotype, they are the ultimate Sloney, Barbour-wearing 'Toff' couple.
“Harry and Meghan appear to be now a glitzy rock and roll star couple, who are happy to partner with the likes of Oprah Winfrey to support their good causes.
“It’s more evidence of that separation in agendas between William and Harry, but they support similar causes.”
PA9 Oprah was a guest at the royal wedding last may when Harry married Meghan
The royal expert pointed out that during Kate and Prince William’s first year of marriage that it was “very much the William show with Kate tagging along.”
He explained: “For example they did a tour and their first tour together was in Canada, and William was showing off his flying skills by landing on a lake and the focus was so much on the future king and his future bride.
“Whereas this is the Harry and the Meghan show, it’s not just about Prince Harry, so that’s something that is quite different from other royal honeymoon years.
“They are starting out in a very different way.”
Getty Images - Getty9 Duncan said the Queen is a 'stickler for tradition' but he doesn't think she'd ultimately be critical of the project
Despite him saying the Queen may have reservations about the project, he said Her Majesty would ultimately support the project.
He said: “My understanding is that the Queen is so fond of Prince Harry that he is possibly one of the only royals who has ever managed to get the Queen to step outside her comfort zone.
“I’m thinking of the message that the Queen and Harry sent to Barack Obama ahead of the Invictus Games.
"The Queen making a comedy YouTube video, Harry has this bond with his grandma.
“I don’t think she’d be critical. The Queen has embraced Meghan.”
Duncan speculated that if the project with Oprah proves successful, there may be more celebrity collaborations with the royals on the horizon.
He said: “If this is successful yes.
“The word of caution for Meghan is that she remains aware that being on the carpet as a celebrity, and being on the red carpet as a royal are two fundamentally different things.
“That is the danger I think.”
Louis Wood - The Sun9 Duncan Larcombe said the Oprah project is evidence of Harry going along with Meghan rather than the other way around
The Duke of Sussex will feature in the series, which is set to focus on the importance of mental well being and inspire viewers to have honest conversations about their everyday challenges.
Building on the 34-year-old's long-standing work with mental health initiatives, the documentary will enable to prince to again share his personal experience, acting as an advocate for those suffering.
Previously, dad-to-be Harry admitted he had been 'very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions' throughout his childhood as he coped with his mother Diana's death.
So the royal appears as the perfect choice to be the co-creator and co-producer of Apple's latest project, which seeks to empower those 'silently suffering' with depression and mental health conditions.
AFP or licensors9 Oprah and Harry's documentary will be shown on Apple TV in 2020
Harry said of the documentary:  "I truly believe that good mental health – mental fitness – is the key to powerful leadership, productive communities and a purpose-driven self.
"It is a huge responsibility to get this right as we bring you the facts, the science and the awareness of a subject that is so relevant during these times.
"Our hope is that this series will be positive, enlightening and inclusive – sharing global stories of unparalleled human spirit fighting back from the darkest places, and the opportunity for us to understand ourselves and those around us better.
"I am incredibly proud to be working alongside Oprah on this vital series which we have been developing together for several months."
-9 The Duke of Sussex has been an advocate for mental health for many years, and is personally involved with many charities
Oprah said to CBS: "Our hope is it will have an impact on reducing the stigma and allowing people to know that they are not alone.”
Harry, alongside William, 36, and Kate, 37, launched the Heads Together charity in 2016 to help people in the UK and Commonwealth to access support.
And the young royals have already voiced their plans to use digital technology to “signpost” the support available to people in crisis and improve the education around mental health.
This 'multi-part' TV series appeared as the perfect opportunity for the Duke of Sussex - and is currently expected to broadcast in 2020 on Apple TV.
More on the royal familyTO NAME A FEW Who does the royal baby Archie share his name with & what does his name mean? 'HAN-SOME BOY! When was royal baby Archie born? All about Meghan and Harry's first child WEDDING BELLS Who is Lady Gabriella Windsor & where was her wedding to Mr Thomas Kingston? ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit gab fab! Lady Gabriella Windsor poses for stunning official wedding pics at Frogmore House PRINCE CHARMING Prince George gives mum Kate's Chelsea Flower Show entry '20 out of 10' 
We shared how Paul Burrell said Meghan Markle will have infuriated Prince William by spending thousands and acting like a celebrity diva at her baby shower. 
And mums-to-be don’t want Meghan to give birth at Frimley Park Hospital as they fear she’ll nab the best suite.
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry won’t immediately announce the birth of their baby to public, Kensington Palace confirms

