Who are Greek wedding photo couple Carly Lunn and husband Matthew and what was the sex act snap behind the Rhodes chapel ban?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4696426/greek-wedding-photo-couple-carly-lunn-matthew-rhodes/
16th October 2017, 5:41 pm
A BRIT bride and groom's saucy wedding photo in Greece caused a storm when outraged church officials said they would ban foreigners from marrying there and heartbroken couples threatened to sue.
Here's the lowdown on Carly and Mathew Lunn who posed for THAT picture outside an idyllic chapel in Rhodes.
FACEBOOK/Carly Lunn4 This jokey picture of Carly Lunn and new husband Matthew prompted outrage amongst the local community in Rhodes
Who are Carly and Matthew Lunn?
Matthew Lunn, 27, who works for a car breakdown firm, and part time barmaid Carly, 34, are from Rowley Regis, West Mids.
Dozens of friends and family members flew out to Rhodes, Greece, for their wedding on September 25.
After the ceremony the newlyweds posed for a cheeky picture in front of the historic St Paul monastery overlooking the Aegean sea.
Carly, wearing a white wedding dress, is kneeling as if performing a sex act on Matthew, who has his shorts round his ankles and is punching the air in celebration.
They posted the snap on social media to amuse their friends back home - and were surprised when it went viral.
Carly said: "It was something we said we'd do for a joke.
"We expected a lot of laughs and jokes from people but didn't expect it to be as popular as it was.
"It was a brilliant photo. People back in England were commenting on it, the whole thing went mad."
FACEBOOK/Carly Lunn4 Carly said friends and family were delighted with the snap
Why did Carly and Matthew Lunn's wedding picture cause outrage?
The saucy image, which was shared around the world, infuriated islanders who accused Mr and Mrs Lunn of defiling a holy site.
The island's top churchman, Bishop Kyrillos of Rhodes, vowed to ban foreign couples from getting married at the chapel in future.
Giorgos Eleftheriou, leader of the local Lindos community, backed the bishop's ban even though it would hit tourism.
He said: "We are Greek and we cherish our traditions and the sanctity of our religious sites. We cannot allow this disgusting behaviour to prevail.
"I have hundreds of soon-to-be brides from Britain and all over the world calling me today in tears because of this decision.
"Shame on those two for the damage they have done. Would they have done the same in their homeland, in front of a British chapel?"
4 Newlyweds Carly Lunn and Matthew could now be be sued by brides and grooms if their weddings were cancelled because of the x-rated snap
Why are people threatening to sue Carly and Matthew Lunn?
Dozens of other British couples who booked to get married at the St Paul monastery chapel have had their plans thrown into chaos.
Among them are Gemma Hunter, 37, and fiancé Matthew Hewitt, 38, who were due to tie the knot next August. They and their guests have forked out £20,000.
The couple, of Bradford, said the chapel is a "lovely place and just perfect" but now they are desperately searching for a new venue.
Healthcare assistant Gemma said: "You imagine how it is all going to be and then to find out that it could all fall apart.
"We are in limbo."
Jason Kidd and Tracey Isherwood are another Brit couple who had been planning to say "I Do" in St Paul's next year.
But the pair now have no idea if their big day will be cancelled after the ban at the chapel.
Insurance worker Jason, 45, told The Sun Online: "At the moment, everything is on hold.
"We're obviously devastated - we had our guests all booked and paid for - it's been an absolute nightmare."
Suzanne Sharples and Steve Arnold, of Chorley, Lancs, had also planned to wed at St Paul's chapel next May - but are now hastily looking for a new venue.
Mum-of-two Susanne said: "I'm absolutely devastated that these idiots have spoilt my dream wedding.
"We have 52 guests coming from the UK for it and have booked to stay for a week.
"We have spent around £40,000 on this wedding. It was booked two years ago, when we got engaged two-and-a-half years ago."
One groom-to-be, Daniel Gaynor, 32, is considering suing after his wedding plans in Rhodes with fiancee Mandy Jackson were apparently ruined.
He told Mail Online:: "I will be going to see a solicitor to see if any action can be taken against them. They are scum."
Alamy4 St Pauls Bay Chapel in Lindos, Rhodes, Greece
What have Carly and Matthew Lunn said about the fallout?
Matthew said: “It’s been blown out of proportion.
“We were just pretending and having a laugh. The Greeks have completely over-reacted.
“We don’t think we did anything wrong but we regret it and wish we hadn’t bothered.
“The ban’s madness. This has caused us all sorts of hassle.”
Carly is said to be "absolutely mortified".
A friend told the Daily Mail: "It's ruined what was meant to be the best day of her life and she just wishes she'd never posed for the picture in the first place."

More rude and crazy wedding photosTO HAVE AND TO HOLD Is this the rudest wedding pic ever? Couple simulate sex act in snap WITHOUT A HITCH? These side-splitting wedding snaps should definitely NOT make the family album FAILING IN LOVE 15 wedding day photos that were sadly - but hilariously - ruined BRIDE AND PREJUDICE Wedding guest reveals bride left her feeling 'hideous' after AIRBRUSHING her out of the photos Moscow fools The bizarre Russian trend which sees newlyweds make ridiculous edits to their wedding photos ExclusiveTHE UNSNAPPY COUPLE Distraught bride sues after bungling wedding photographer 'nicks guests' snaps from Facebook and tries to pass them off as her own HERE COMES THE GROOM Bride 'performs sex act' in cheeky snap - the start of a risque trend? 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.'


