Couple ‘consider suing British newlyweds who took raunchy sex act wedding snap that saw ALL Brits barred from Greek chapel’ – as pair admits they regret it
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4674205/greek-sex-act-photo-couple-sued-wedding-chapel-rhodes-regret/
14th October 2017, 12:21 am
A COUPLE who sparked outrage with a raunchy wedding snap face being sued after their antics got Brits barred from an idyllic Greek chapel - as they admit regretting it.
Bishop Kyrillos banned all foreign weddings from St Paul in Rhodes after bride Carly Lunn posted a snap of her apparently performing a sex act on new husband Matthew.
FACEBOOK/Carly Lunn5 The picture of Carly Lunn and new husband Matthew prompted outrage amongst the local community
Now the couple could be sued by fuming brides and grooms who have had their dream wedding days cancelled as a result of the x-rated snap.
One, Daniel Gaynor, 32, is considering speaking to a solicitor after his wedding plans in Rhodes with fiancee Mandy Jackson were apparently ruined by Carly and Matthew.
He told Mail Online: "I will be going to see a solicitor to see if any action can be taken against them. They are scum."
In the raunchy picture, which has been shared around the world, Carly is on her knees on sacred ground in front of her partner, 27, while he punches the air – with his pants round his ankles.

Has your wedding been affected by the closure? Email holly.christodoulou@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4518

But the couple have admitted they regret taking it after Giorgos Eleftheriou, president of the local Lindos community in Rhodes, made the decision to bar foreign weddings after the snap went viral.
Matthew, a car breakdown firm worker, said: “It’s been blown out of proportion.
“We were just pretending and having a laugh. The Greeks have completely over-reacted.
“We don’t think we did anything wrong but we regret it and wish we hadn’t bothered.
5 Newlyweds Carly Lunn and Matthew could now be be sued by brides and grooms if their weddings were cancelled because of the x-rated snap
“The ban’s madness. This has caused us all sorts of hassle.”
Mr Eleftheriou told The Times: “I have hundreds of soon-to-be brides from Britain and all over the world calling me today in tears because of this decision.
“We are Greek and we cherish our traditions and the sanctity of our religious sites. We cannot allow this disgusting behaviour to prevail.”
Carly, 34, had described the shot as "a brilliant wedding photo" that reflected the couple's cheeky sense of humour - but it could have ruined hundreds more brides' big days.
FACEBOOK/Carly Lunn5 Carly said friends and family were delighted with the snap
A local resident told Sun Online of the outrage the snap had caused saying: "Once the original story appeared in your paper it soon hit the Greek newspapers and TV. The local community are absolutely outraged.
"Even though it was a simulated act they felt it defiled the church. The situation was really that the local priest and church and the mayor had no choice but to say that there will be no further weddings - 99 per cent of the weddings are British."
He added: "People are outraged and taking about suing the couple involved. They want the couple to publicly apologise to Rhodes and particularly the church."
Lindos' economy is heavily reliant on weddings and businesses are said to be extremely fearful for their futures.
Alamy5 St Pauls Bay Chapel in Lindos, Rhodes, Greece
The Sun's source added: "The average wedding out here is about 30-90 people. When looking at 500 weddings, we are talking here of a lot of people.
"Everyone is really upset. The British community that live here are embarrassed and upset, the Greek community are outraged and worried about the impact for their businesses."
Mr Eleftheriou added: “Shame on those two for the damage they have done. Would they have done the same in their homeland; in front of a British chapel, a Jewish temple, a Muslim mosque?”
5 Bishop Kyrillos has now banned all foreign weddings from St Paul in Rhodes as a result of the newlyweds snap

SNAPPY ENDINGS These bizarre wedding photos will leave you cringing - from a bride chugging beer to another with her boobs out

Rhodes authorities said the mayor was holding off on signing the decree until the end of the month when the bulk of the season’s weddings will have been completed.
Speaking after the snap was posted Carly had told The Sun: “It was something we said we’d do for a joke.
"We expected a lot of laughs and jokes from people, but didn’t expect it to be as popular as it was.
"People back in England were commenting on it, the whole thing went mad."
But they have faced the fury of brides who now face an anxious wait to see if their weddings will go ahead.
Suzanne Sharples revealed today her dream £40,000 wedding could be cancelled because of the raunchy snap.

More rude and crazy wedding photosTO HAVE AND TO HOLD Is this the rudest wedding pic ever? Couple simulate sex act in snap WITHOUT A HITCH? These side-splitting wedding snaps should definitely NOT make the family album FAILING IN LOVE 15 wedding day photos that were sadly - but hilariously - ruined BRIDE AND PREJUDICE Wedding guest reveals bride left her feeling 'hideous' after AIRBRUSHING her out of the photos Moscow fools The bizarre Russian trend which sees newlyweds make ridiculous edits to their wedding photos ExclusiveTHE UNSNAPPY COUPLE Distraught bride sues after bungling wedding photographer 'nicks guests' snaps from Facebook and tries to pass them off as her own HERE COMES THE GROOM Bride 'performs sex act' in cheeky snap - the start of a risque trend? 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.'


