Proud mum Stephanie Davis posts adorable new photo of son Caben-Albi – but fans think he looks like Jeremy McConnell
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4613869/stephanie-davis-photo-son-caben-albi-jeremy-mcconnell/
4th October 2017, 7:26 pm
STEPHANIE Davis's latest photo with baby Caben-Albi has her fans insisting he is his dad Jeremy McConnell's double.
The mother-of-one, 24, shared a pictured of herself gazing adoringly at her little boy as he lay smiling on a sofa.
Stephanie Davis11 Stephanie Davis's latest photo with baby Caben-Albi has her fans insisting he is his dad Jeremy McConnell's double
She captioned the snap: "The way he looks at me....i could die❤️😍😩❤️ My son, my beautiful son, My family my EVERYTHING❤️"
Her followers loved the cute image and appeared to be split over which parent Caben most resembled.
Posts included: "Aw cute looks just like his dad.
"double of Jez,always said it x
Jeremy McConnell11 Jeremy posted this snap with Caben back in May
"spitting image of his dad x
"Double of you Steph x
"look at ur baby's cheeky cute smile he's ur spit image caben is gorgus (Sic)."
In August Jeremy, 27, avoided prison after being found guilty of battering Steph in a fiery cocaine-fuelled row but was ordered to complete 200 hours of community service.
Instagram11 Stephanie recently treated fans to a racy lingerie snap
Stephanie recently treated herself to a sizzling lingerie shopping spree - and couldn't resist showing off her new purchases in a sexy snap for fans.
The 24-year-old soap star, who gave birth to her son Caben-Albi in January, posed in a skimpy lace bra and knickers set for an Instagram photo on Sunday, clearly proud of her new buys.
Perched on a white chair in her bedroom, the brunette star took a selfie in the mirror to highlight her svelte post-baby body.
With one hand raking through her hair and pulling her best pout, she added the caption: "Treated myself. Victoria's Secret & Ann Summers."
Instagram11 Steph pictured while heavily pregnant with son Caben, who was born in January
She looked sensational in a black and red lacy plunge bra with matching thong pulled high on her hips.
Fans were clearly impressed with one telling her: "You look unreal you should be proud."
Another said: "That figure post baby is ridiculous."
And a third added: "You look fabulous doll. You're doing yourself and your baby boy proud."
Instagram11 Steph dotes on nine-month-old son Caben
Stephanie gave birth to her first child, son Caben, in January.
She previously credited her incredible post-baby body to 3D liposuction, saying in June: "3D Lipo is non-surgical and non-invasive. I have eight sessions of it booked and have done one already. I’m proud of what my body achieved and for creating that little miracle.”
Instagram11 Steph seen enjoying the sunshine on Sunday before her shopping spree

Instagram11 Steph credited 3D Lipo with helping to regain her pre-baby body
She's endured a notoriously rocky relationship with Caben's dad, Irish model Jeremy McConnell, and the couple are no longer together.
They initially split in May 2016 just before Stephanie announced her pregnancy.
After Caben was born, they briefly rekindled their romance earlier this year, before splitting one again after Jeremy assaulted her.
Instagram11 Steph is no longer with Caben's dad Jeremy

The Sun Online exclusively revealed last week that Stephanie is looking to the future and moving on from her tumultuous year.
That process includes selling the Liverpool home she bought just over a year ago.
Instagram11 Stephanie is desperate to sell her Liverpool home and start afresh after a difficult year
A source close to the ex Hollyoaks star told us: “Steph can’t face to go back to that house and has moved in with her parents.
"The house is where all of her domestic abuse happened and she can’t face to go back there.
"What happened in that house was so shocking that even the strongest person would struggle to go back there, let alone after repeated incidences.
"It doesn’t feel like her home and she wants out."
Instagram11 Stephanie recently revealed she'd turned to God
Instagram11 She posted this Twelve Step Poem to Instagram last week
The news comes after Stephanie revealed she had turned to God to help her move on from recent events, telling fans she has embraced a "higher power".
Ex Celebrity Big Brother star Stephanie posted a Twelve Step poem about recovery to Instagram which included the lines: "I took Step One, began to moan. I can't do this one on my own.
"I took Step Two, began to pray, restore me God, please now, today."

SEEING DOUBLE 8 celebs with doppleganger kids – including Reese Witherspoon, Kate Hudson, Gordon Ramsey and Gary Barlow

It continued: "I took Step Three, gave up my will, maybe God could love me still."
Another verse in the poem read: "I pray to know, each day His Will, which way to go."
Stephanie shared the poem alongside a caption reading: "Higher power. Sweet dreams to all. Cosy in bed feeling peaceful."
LATEST FROM STEPH DAVIS GAGA FOR DADA Steph Davis plans to marry Owen Warner after revealing Caben calls him 'dada' daddy issues Hollyoaks star Steph Davis says son Caben never had a father 'love you hubby' Stephanie Davis and Owen Warner call each other husband and wife 'I DID IT' Steph Davis shares joy at Best Actress nomination a year after suicide attempt 'Heartbreaking' Hollyoaks fans devastated as Sinead is convinced to forgive rapist husband STEPH'S BIG MOMENT Stephanie Davis praised by Hollyoaks fans after harrowing rape scenes no remorse Hollyoaks viewers horrified as Laurie gaslights wife Sinead after raping her hellish husband Hollyoaks fans sickened as Sinead is raped by twisted husband Laurie dress dreams Steph Davis sparks engagement rumours to Owen by following wedding dress page POOLSIDE PECK Steph Davis snogs toyboy Owen Warner by the pool while on holiday in Spain SpoilerHORROR HUSBAND Hollyoaks horror for Steph Davis' character Sinead as she's raped by Laurie STEPH-ADA FAMILIA Steph Davis wears high-cut swimsuit on Barcelona holiday with Owen Warner 

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220


