Model shares harrowing pics of the damage caused by a ‘bio-hacker’ procedure to dye her eye PURPLE
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/4558155/model-shares-harrowing-pics-of-her-purple-eye-caused-by-a-bio-hacker-procedure-that-went-wrong/
27th September 2017, 4:13 pm
A MODEL has spoken out after an extreme body modification procedure went wrong - causing her to "lose sight" in one eye.
Catt Gallinger, from Ottawa, Canada, decided to get a sclera tattoo, which changes the colour of the whites around your eye.
Catt Gallinger6 Catt Gallinger has shared these disturbing pictures of a Sclera procedure gone wrong
She shared disturbing pictures of her eye weeks after the treatment she now considers a "massive mistake".
The 24-year-old former pet nutritionist had the procedure four weeks ago and is still struggling to see out of one eye.
Sclera modification - in which a specialist injects a liquid into the eyeball to stain the whites of a person's eye - is becoming popular among body modification fans.
But Catt said that her eyeball quickly began to ooze purple liquid.
Concerned, she went to the hospital where she was given a dose of antibiotic drops.
Shocking pictures show how her eye reacted to the drops, swelling up like a balloon.
6 Catt said she has cancelled modelling work because of the procedure
Catt Gallinger6 Catt went to hospital after her eye began weeping purple liquid
Doctors then gave her steroid drops but after three weeks, her pain and blurry vision remained and the purple liquid appeared to be clumping around her cornea.
Catt told the Sun Online that she wanted to modify her eye colour to "make me feel more at home in my body".
But she now is warning everyone against trying it.

Catt Gallinger6 After a week on antibiotics, her eye swelled up
6 The liquid can be seen clumping around the eyeball in shocking pictures Catt shared as a warning to others
The former model said she has cancelled any future work and that she has spent hundreds on prescriptions over the past weeks.
Doctors and her surgeon have told her that her eyesight will not get better.
Why are people tattooing their eyeballs?Sclera tattoos are an extreme form of body modification.
They are popular among a group of people who call themselves bio-hackers or body modders.
In 2015, Californian bio-hackers claimed to obtain night vision after injecting Chlorin e6, a chemical allegedly found in deep-sea fish.
Disturbing images of Gabriel Licina having his eyeballs injected by his colleagues at Science for the Masses went viral.

She told the Sun Online that she advises anyone against trying it out.
But if they do, they should "look into not just the artist and their portfolio, but to talk to some of their clients, talk to other artists about them and get experiences beforehand".
Science for the Masses6 A team of biohackers from California claimed to have successfully induced a temporary sense of night vision by injecting Chlorin e6 into Gabriel Lacina's eyes
For now, the prognosis is that her eyesight will either "go completely or stay a blurry mess" but she hopes surgery will prevent it from getting worse.
Surgeons said her sclera tore from the size of needle used, depth and amount of ink inserted.
Doctors were also concerned that the equipment was not sterile and that there is an infection stuck in with the excess ink, she said.


CHIP AND SKIN How I was turned into a ‘human cyborg’ by having a microchip implanted under my SKIN

Changing your eye colour is a popular trend among biohackers.
In one extreme case, a group of Californian "scientists" said they had given a colleague night vision after injecting his eyeball with a chemical found in deep-sea jellyfish.
There is a growing community of transhumanists who believe implanting things in their body will "upgrade" humanity and that we will eventually merge with machines.
The concept of singularity, mere humans evolve digitally, is a concept that's been brought up by Tesla billionaire Elon Musk and discussed by Brit boff Stephen Hawking.


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours

 


