Wayne Rooney given 100 hours’ community service over drink-driving rap – as party girl Laura Simpson heads to work in the same VW they were caught in
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4488435/wayne-rooney-guilty-banned-driving-court-drink-driving-rap-laura-simpson-latest/
18th September 2017, 12:20 pm
WAYNE Rooney said he has let his family down as he admitted drink-driving this morning - after arriving at court still wearing his wedding ring.
The football star was flanked by a group of police officers as he strode into the court building - as party girl Laura Simpson was snapped with the VW Beetle Rooney was arrested in.
©2017 Andrew Parsons / i-Images26 Wayne Rooney arrives at court today as he faces drink-driving rap
26 Laura Simpson was seen this morning getting into her car as Rooney arrived at court
©2017 Andrew Parsons / i-Images26 The footballer arrived at court flanked by police officers
NC26 Simpson was seen with the car that Rooney was caught driving
London News Pictures26 Rooney seen arriving at court still wearing his wedding ring amid the scandal
26 The woman who was in the car with Rooney when it was stopped by police was seen leaving her home this morning

Reuters26 Rooney pictured leaving the court after being banned from driving for two years
AFP or licensors26 Rooney appear to smile as he left court with a community sentence
News Group Newspapers Ltd26 A sketch of Wayne Rooney standing in the dock this morning
The 31-year-old arrived with his head down at Stockport Magistrates Court wearing a dark blue suit before pleading guilty.
The court was told: "Wayne wishes to express his genuine remorse for this terrible error of judgement that evening
"He's let not only himself down but his family down. He also acknowledges he has let his fans down."
He was found to be three times the limit when arrested - he had 104 micrograms of alcohol in his breath, the legal limit in the UK is 35 micrograms.
Prosecutors told the court Rooney stopped the car himself in Wilmslow, Cheshire, after noticing he was being followed by a police car.
The footballer tried to squirm out of doing community service with his lawyer claiming the star already did a lot for charity.
Mr Rainford said: "He works with Alder Hey (hospital), Claire House (children's hospice), the NSPCC, his own foundation, the Manchester United Foundation and Everton In The Community.
PA:Press Association26 He made his way past the many cameras waiting for him as he went into court
PA:Press Association26 He admitted drink-driving at court this morning
Rex Features26 Rooney was pictured arriving at court this morning after his arrest and charge
"He is not somebody who pays lip service to the charities as so many often do. This is somebody who is actually hands on with the work he carries out.
"It is something that is very close to his heart.
"I think perhaps a lot of people are not aware of it. It is not something he shouts from the rooftops. He just gets on with it."
Pleading for Rooney not to be given a community sentence, Mr Rainford added: "I would ask the court to deal with him today by way of disqualification and financial penalty."
He was banned from driving for two years and ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work.
Rex Features26 The striker arrived escorted by cops and security staff
AFP or licensors26 Half a dozen police officers were forced to escort Rooney into court
AFP or licensors26 The footballer was pictured arriving at court to answer the charge of drink-driving
Sentencing Rooney, Judge John Temple told Rooney he did not feel even a large fine would be a suitable punishment for the star.
He said: "This was a serious offence you committed, driving a motor vehicle while three times over the limit.
"The fact you were carrying a passenger is an aggravating factor.
"You were putting yourself and other road users at risk."
He added: "I want to make it clear I've read a bundle of character references and they speak very highly of you.
"I'm not convinced that even a very high-level fine will have the same punitive effect on you as a community order will."
Asked if he understood the punishment, Rooney - who stood silently through the 20-minute hearing dressed in a navy blue suit - simply replied "yes" before being asked to leave the dock.
Prosecuting, Kate Gaskell said: "At around 2.05am on Altrincham Road, Wilmslow, police noticed a failed driver's side brake light on a VW Beetle.
"Police approached the driver's side window and when it was opened recognised Mr Rooney.
"The officer noticed Mr Rooney was intoxicated and the smell of alcohol was on his breath.
"He was arrested at the roadside and produced a breath test over the permitted alcohol level limit. The reading was 104mg."
WAYNE ROONEY'S STATEMENT FOLLOWING SENTENCING"Following today's court hearing I want publicly to apologise for my unforgivable lack of judgement in driving while over the legal limit. It was completely wrong.
"I've already said sorry to my family my manager and chairman and everyone at Everton FC. Now i want to apologise to all the fans and everyone else who has followed and supported me throughout my career.
"Of course I accept the sentence of the court and hope that I can make some amends through my community service."

Defending, Michael Rainford said: "Mr Rooney stopped the car himself, he hadn't been flashed by police to stop.
"He spoke to the police officers and was fully compliant both at the roadside and later at the police station.
"Officers dealing with Mr Rooney later described him  as a 'perfect gentleman'.
"The road conditions at the time were deserted as it was around 2am and driving conditions were fine.
"As for the standard of driving was concerned there was nothing unacceptable related to that."
Mr Rainford continued: "Mr Rooney is a young man with no previous convictions.
"Wayne wishes to express his genuine remorse for a terrible error of judgement that evening.
"He has let not only himself down but his family down. He also acknowledges he has let his fans down.
"He is a young man with many fine qualities who regrets the mistake he made and he must show better judgement in the future."
AFP or licensors26 The former England star appears to grimace as he walked into court this morning
PA:Press Association26 The 31-year-old appeared in court today to admit drink-driving charges
Getty26 The striker bowed his head as he made his way into the court building
Getty Images - Getty26 A huge amount of police officers were used to escort Rooney into the building
After his arrest in the early hours of September 1, the striker was released on bail charged with "driving while over the prescribed limit".
It has since emerged Rooney was docked two weeks of wages - about £300,000.
Rooney's wife Coleen is pregnant with the couple's fourth child, and had made the announcement days before his arrest.
She has been seen without her £250,000 wedding ring after her husband was stopped with a woman he met while on a night out.
Laura Simpson has since come out to say she had "kissed and hugged" the football star after they met in a bar.
The 29-year-old appeared on ITV’s This Morning to talk about how Wayne ended up with her in her VW Beetle.
The Sun On Sunday reported how Coleen branded party girl Laura a “fame-seeking slapper” after watching her TV interview this week.
News Group Newspapers Ltd26 Rooney appeared in court today after being charged with drink-driving
News Group Newspapers Ltd26 Rooney picture arriving for training last week after his arrest
BackGrid26 Coleen Rooney was seen running errands without her ring last week
BackGrid26 She has had showdown talks with Wayne after he was caught in the driving seat of a party girl's car
26 Party girl Laura Simpson has been seen on holiday since becoming embroiled in the scandal
Rex Features26 She appeared on This Morning last week to talk about what happened with Rooney

When she appeared on This Morning Holly Willoughby asked: "And if you were her [Coleen Rooney], as you're really the only person and him, who knows what went on - would you forgive and forget?"
Mum-of-one Simpson replied: "I don't think he deserves, well, it's my opinion, I wouldn't do that to my partner."
She appeared on the show to tell all about her night out with Rooney earlier this month, and made the hosts work hard to get complete answers to their questions.
 
She denied kissing the footballer - but had previously told The Sun they shared a "kiss and a cuddle".
After claiming she did "nothing wrong", Willoughby and Philip Schofield exclaimed: "You got in a car with a married man."
She has since been making the most of her newfound fame and seems to have sought solace in the arms of Jemma Lucy's ex, David Hawley.
The pals walked arm in arm into the Novotel Hotel in London after watching Aaron Chalmers’ BAMMA fight on Friday - before Simpson was seen leaving her hotel the following morning.
Getty - Contributor26 Rooney being interview yesterday as he returned to his former club's home turf
Former England captain Rooney is the all-time highest scorer with 53 goals for his country, and rejoined boyhood club Everton this summer.
He returned to the club's home ground yesterday in a match saw saw his new team lose 4-0 after spending 13 years playing for Manchester United.
He was given a warm welcome from the home fans despite jumping ship a few months ago.
A woman with the same name as Rooney's party girl  this weekend said she has been forced to call the police over abuse from people mistaking her for Laura Simpson
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


