Tory MP and hero of Bosnian war says his son’s teacher told classmates to shun him because he is a Conservative
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4466265/bob-stewart-mp-claims-teacher-told-class-to-shun-conservative/
14th September 2017, 3:36 pm
A TEACHER told pupils to shun their 13-year-old classmate because he was the son of a Conservative MP, it has been claimed.
Bob Stewart, a hero vet of the Bosnian war, made the revelation during a debate on the abuse hurled at politicians, adding that all four of his children have been “hassled” because of his job.
Parliament.TV4 Bob Stewart said his child's teacher had told other pupils to shun him
Shouts of "shame" could be heard in the chamber as the Tory backbencher hit out at the teacher's behaviour against his son during the last general election.
Mr Stewart, who was an Army Colonel before he became an MP, served in Northern Ireland before rising to become a United Nations commander in Bosnia in the 1990s.
The 68-year-old, who has represented Beckenham since 2010, told the Commons: "All my four children have been hassled by other kids in their local schools because of the job of their father.
"There's little that can be done about that because they're children, and my kids are robust enough to withstand it.
"But such behaviour is taken to a new level when during the last general election a teacher tells the class of my 13-year-old boy that nobody should talk to him because he's the son of a Conservative MP."
Home Office minister Sarah Newton, speaking for the Government, described Mr Stewart's story as "deeply upsetting and deeply troubling".
PA4 The Tory MP made the revelation during a debate on the abuse hurled at politicians
She added: "That is simply unacceptable.
"It's a noble thing to stand for election. It's a noble thing to want to represent your community whether as a councillor or as an MP in this place.
"Those people in a position of authority and influence, such as a teacher, should be supporting and upholding the shared values of our country, and it's most disappointing to hear somebody in such a powerful and influential position letting themselves down and letting their profession down."
Elsewhere in the debate on abuse and intimidation of candidates and the public during the general election campaign, Vicky Ford told MPs of a partially sighted candidate who was threatened with rape.
Parliament.UK4 Vicky Ford also revealed one candidate was threatened with rape in the run-up to the election
She called for particular concern to be made for vulnerable candidates.
The MP for Chelmsford said the fellow Conservative - who stood in the east of England - was subjected to online abuse, including a threat to "shoot her then pull the teeth out of her jaw while she fades away".
Ms Ford said the police were notified of the abuse but then said they were not aware of the crime being reported, as she suggested there be "better guidelines for how the police should be reacting in the future".
George Osborne also came under attack, after Labour frontbencher Cat Smith referred to the Chancellor’s alleged comments about Theresa May, saying they have not helped efforts to deal with Britain's problem with violence against women.
He was said to have told colleagues he wanted the Prime Minister “chopped up in bags in my freezer".
Parliament.UK4 Cat Smith attacked the comments by George Osborne
Ms Smith, the shadow deputy Commons leader, said: "Bullying and intimidation that we see on social media and on the streets of this country doesn't happen in a vacuum.
"The decisions taken by press and media outlets, even political parties, to target some politicians over others can lead to some trolls seeing this as permission to take their racist and sexist abuse offline and, in some case sadly, acting out on it.
"Only this week the former chancellor told colleagues at the Evening Standard that he will not rest until the Prime Minister is, and I quote, 'chopped up in bags in my freezer'.
"He has previously described the Prime Minister as a dead woman walking who is on death row, and compared the Prime Minister to the living dead in a second-rate horror film.
"The reason that I raise this is because violence against women is a huge problem in this country."
MOST READ IN POLITICSFARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe ExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says ‘WE’LL SELL MANY MORE HATS’ Trump unveils new ‘Keep America Great’ 2020 slogan at US rally 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

