Britain will offer its military might and top spies to EU in a bid to brake Brexit talks deadlock
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4443690/britain-military-spies-offer-eu-brexit-talks-deadlock/
12th September 2017, 12:56 am
MINISTERS vowed to put Britain’s military might and top spooks at the disposal of the EU as they sought to unlock Brexit talks.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said Britain wanted a post-Brexit security partnership with Brussels that was “deeper than any third country and that reflects our shared interest”.
Reuters3 Michael Fallon said Britain wanted a post-Brexit security partnership with Brussels
In a new position paper, the Government will make clear the UK will offer to contribute military assets to EU operations, cooperate on sanctions and agree joint positions on foreign policy after Brexit.
Mr Fallon talked up Britain’s vital importance to Brussels as one of only two nuclear powers in Europe alongside France – and the only one to meet NATO’s 2 per cent spending commitments.
But in a notable charm offensive, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson praised the EU’s success in achieving foreign policy goals - from bringing Iran to the negotiating table over its nuclear programme, and leading the united response to Russian aggression in Ukraine.
A source said: “We want a future partnership in which we can continue to collaborate with our European partners on defence research and capability development post-exit.”
Lib Dem Tom Brake said: “It is interesting how the government now says the EU is central to Britain’s security and diplomatic needs.
AFP or licensors3 Boris Johnson praised the EU’s success in achieving foreign policy goals
PA:Press Association3 Lib Dem's Tom Brake says the contrasting view from the government is 'intersting'
“What a contrast to the EU referendum campaign when leading figures in the current government claimed the EU played no role in our security.”
Unions threatened to put Labour’s position on Trident in chaos – by voting the axe the nuclear deterrent. A “disarmament” motion at the TUC Congress will  call on delegates to support scrapping the nukes.
The GMB vowed to fight the motion, saying it threatened thousands of jobs in the defence industry. The union’s national secretary Justin Bowden said: “”GMB will never support such proposals and we will fight to defend the decent jobs our members and their communities depend on.
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 

 
 

