‘World’s hottest mum’ Ildiko Ferenczi under fire for sharing breastfeeding photos for #Worldbreastfeedingweek
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/4433417/worlds-hottest-mum-ildiko-ferenczi/
10th September 2017, 4:39 pm
A MODEL crowned 'the World's Hottest Mum' has been inundated with hateful comments about breast-feeding her son and she says most of the negative comments are from WOMEN.
Former Playboy pin-up Ildiko Ferenczi gave birth to baby Daniel sixteen months ago and has been posting glamorous photos of her nursing him ever since to try and "normalise" breastfeeding.
Instagram_spicylilpepper5 Ildiko and her son Daniel, who is now 16 months old. The mum has been posting glamorous breast-feeding photos to raise awareness on her quest help normalise breast-feeding
Ildiko said: "I was shocked to discover the bullies that erupted on line. Surprisingly, women.
"I was at the receiving end of toxic and abusive body and breastfeeding shaming.
"It's more unfortunate than anything, and I'm not too bothered about the abuse, but it bothers me that women like these can change the destiny of a baby.
"Knowing that women are to afraid to breast-feed because of these types of women, it is heartbreaking.
"They really are terrible but I can handle it and I won't let myself be discouraged from doing what's right for baby Daniel.
"It's about him not me, or them!"
Thankfully, Ildiko added that she had received a lot of supportive comments, too.
Instagram_spicylilpepper5 One of Ildiko's glamorous breastfeeding photos
Instagram_spicylilpepper5 Ildiko is defying the haters to continue on her mission to normalise breastfeeding
She says that her fans have quickly "stomped out the fire" of cruel comments to help support her quest to normalise breastfeeding.
She added:"Breast-feeding will be the norm only when it is something people see enough to realise is the norm.
"I'm so grateful to have such a strong social media community that help keep bullies at bay and help me create a safe environment for our mothers and future mothers give their children the best gift in life.
"Out of the wretched verbal abuse came many beautiful brave voices encouraging me on my mission to normalise breastfeeding.

MUM'S THE WORD Meet the brutally honest mummy bloggers who are opening up about the awkward sex talks and post baby bodies

"I believe when you have influence you should extend yourself as an instrument for the things you believe in.
"And when you become that strength for others, all bullets of hate ricochet off you painlessly...it's not about you or me, it's about most importantly our babies."
But sadly, she also received a lot of messages from women who confirmed that they would not be breastfeeding because there are such strong stigmas surrounding it.
Ildiko recalled: "After some backlash on social, private stories and thank you's were shared with me through emails and messages.
Instagram_spicylilpepper5 Ildiko is sad for women who have been scared out of breastfeeding by cruel trolls
Instagram_spicylilpepper5 The Canadian model won't stop 'doing what's best' for her son Daniel
"It's truly sad to read stories of mothers confessing that they decided to not breastfeed because they were given nasty looks and verbally shamed in public.
"They told me they are now feeling guilty about missing out on something so important for their beloved's development and future health.
"This should NEVER have happened to these women, they should have been able to enjoy the experience of motherhood without judgement.
"No one should dictate when, where, or how you should breastfeed your child!
"And certainly no mother should be called horrible names for giving a child the best nutrition known to mankind in public or online."
This mum defended her decision to breastfeed while having sex. 
And this mum kicked off after commuters refused to give her a seat so she had to stand up and breastfeed on a packed train.

MORE ON MUMSVideoMUMMY BEAR Cheryl has some beauty advice for busy new mums in her FIRST interview since giving birth to baby Bear 'THAT'S NOT REAL LIFE' Binky Felstead slams Cheryl for showing off abs in holiday snaps because it sets unrealistic goals HAIRY SITUATION Mum's fury as school threatens to expel her 'model pupil' son over his short back and sides haircut POLE POSITION Pole dancing mum-to-be performs gravity-defying tricks at seven months pregnant CRUEL ATTACK Pregnant mummy blogger left devastated after being fat shamed and accused of 'having children for benefits' FOOT THE BILL? Mum sparks debate after revealing plans to invoice her daughter's friends for not turning up to party 

