We shouldn’t take down statues of Nelson and Churchill just because gobby campaigners are ignorant to the facts
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4308382/take-down-statues-of-horatio-nelson-and-winston-churchill-because-of-the-ignorant-left/
23rd August 2017, 11:46 pm
DID you know that Horatio Nelson was a white supremacist? Apparently he is. But then so, ­probably, are you. I mean, who isn’t?
A journalist has suggested we should remove Nelson from on top of his column in Trafalgar Square — the place named after his last, final victory over the awful French, of course.
Photographers Choice - Getty15 You cannot judge historical figures by the standard of modern time
Afua Hirsch condemned our naval hero for having been a steadfast supporter of slavery. Afua is of Ghanaian descent.
Ghana has its own long ­history with slavery. They were enslaving folk long before we came along and continued long after we’d banned it. But still.
Is she right? Almost certainly. The majority of British people in the 18th Century were pro slavery.
A few dozen years later the tide had changed and we ­abolished the practice.
In the parts of Africa we hadn’t ­colonised, slavery ­continued unabated. Much as it did throughout the horrible Islamic Ottoman Empire.
When these perpetually gobby campaigners start screaming at you about slavery, they don’t even tell you a tenth of the story. Either because they are ­ignorant of the facts or find them ­inconvenient.
But more to the point, if we started tearing down the ­statues of famous Brits on account of their worst beliefs, we’d have no heroes left. No country would.
Rex Features15 Afua Hirsch is a journalist who called for the statue of Nelson to be taken down from Trafalgar Square
You can’t judge ­historical figures by the standards of our time.
Winston Churchill, for example, was brought up to believe that the white man, especially the English white man, was ­superior.
He regarded all of Africa and Asia as populated by ­savages.
From today’s perspective, we know that he was largely wrong about that. He also said: “I hate Indians.
They are a beastly people with a beastly religion.”
But that is not why we remember him. Every man is better than his worst deed or opinion.
We remember Churchill for saving ­Britain — and the world — from fascism. For being a brilliant leader.
PA:Press Association15 Winston Churchill regarded the Indians as 'beastly' yet we still revere him for his leadership in World War II
Just as we remember Nelson for his military genius and, importantly, ability to whup the French.
Our greatest leaders — but also our greatest artists, ­writers, scientists — will all have held opinions which today would seem shocking.
That’s the thing about the past — they did things ­differently there.
Look for nuggets of racism and sexism in the works of William Shakespeare and you’ll find ’em, sure enough. Because he was writing more than 400 years ago.
AP:Associated Press15 Protests erupting in the US demanding Confederate statues should be torn down are just as repellent as demanding the statue of Nelson to be taken down
Does it mean he wasn’t a great writer? No, of course not.
The white liberals and black activists are getting increasingly shrill. Demanding we expunge everything from our nation’s history which doesn’t accord with their own, absolutist mindsets.
They are doing the same thing in the US, insisting that Confederate flags and statues be torn down.
But the American civil war wasn’t ­simply about slavery. And — as ­Donald Trump said — many of the northern ­abolitionists had views which were just as repellent, from today’s perspective, as those which came from southern leaders.
Reuters15 The statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee was covered in Charlottesville
AFP or licensors15 Donald Trump said that many northern abolitionists held racist and repellent views
So do you wipe out EVERYTHING?
You can’t rewrite and whitewash history. We admire Nelson for his achievements, while accepting that he was wrong about slavery.
That’s not difficult to do, is it?
MOST READ IN OPINIONCommentJANE MOORE Time for something completely different…let's put the boot in at EU elections CommentALLY ROSS Graham Norton shouldn't have spared Madge's blushes as he lashed Eurovision acts CommentDAMIAN GREEN How Tory leadership race can lead to every Brit having a shot at the good life CommentTHE SUN SAYS Hipster who threw MILKSHAKE achieved nothing but to recruit more Farage fans CommentTREVOR KAVANAGH Vote for Nigel Farage's Brexit Party this week before BoJo zips into No10 CommentNICK TIMOTHY Tinderbox Tories will get burned at the ballots - they need a new plan CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone CommentJAMES FORSYTH Nigel Farage's Brexit Party would still stand even if Boris Johnson became PM TREVOR KAVANAGH Boris Johnson is the Tories' only hope or they'll end up dead as a dodo CommentKARREN BRADY Jeremy Kyle exploited pain but he is NOT to blame for guest's tragic death 
Must do bedder
SWNS:South West News Service15 Two friends dressed as female nurses to raise funds for the Ludlow Bed Push
THE Ludlow Bed Push is a charity thing.
Blokes get dressed up as nurses and push beds through the town.
This year they raised £2,500 for the local ­hospital. Good for them.
But the Shropshire Community Health NHS Trust refused to accept the money.
SWNS:South West News Service15 The Shropshire Community Health NHS Trust refused the £2,500 raised
Its boss, a woman called Jan Ditheridge, said: “The presentation of men dressed as female nurses in a highly sexualised and demeaning way is wrong, very outdated and insulting to the profession.”
So – lacking a sense of humour, a sense of ­perspective and a sense of priorities, then. Why don’t you make up the £2,500 out of your own inflated salary, Ditheridge?
I WAS in a Chinese restaurant once, waiting for my takeaway.
And as it was brought out, one of the women was changing her baby’s nappy on the counter next to my food.
Yum yum. Won’t be going there again. They can crispy duck off.
So I have no sympathy for mum Dion Skull (now there’s a name).
She was shouted at for changing her child’s nappy in front of other diners at a cafe in Surrey.
She says she was left feeling “humiliated”.
Good, then maybe you won’t do it again, Mrs Skeleton-Head.

China's rank crisis
Reuters15 State media says not enough young people are joining the Chinese military
BIG trouble for China. Young people are not joining the army because they are too fat or masturbate too much. Or both.
That’s according to the state media.
Have to say, I’m looking forward to World War Three.
15 We can defeat the Chinese military by showing them photos of Emily­ Ratajkowski
We imperialists will be faced by a column of commie soldiers waddling along with their hands inside their trousers. Sweating with exertion.
We could divert them entirely just by shoving them into a cubicle with a few photos of Emily Ratajkowski.
Geoffrey right on knights
Getty - Contributor15 Geoff Boycott has been knighted
OK, so the bloke’s never been my favourite sports personality.
I just have to hear that self-righteous Yorkshire moan and my hackles rise.
But you have to say, Geoff Boycott was a brilliant cricketer.
The first English cricketer to pass 8,000 runs. He scored 22 centuries for his country – a record only very recently surpassed.
And since then, a lifetime of commentating on the game he loved.
And isn’t he right when he says that if he were black he’d have been knighted by now?
Eleven West Indies cricketers have been knighted.
PA15 The cricketing legend was famed for his slow run rate
Two of them were definitely better than Boycott – Viv Richards and Gary Sobers. The rest? Nowhere near.
To say that too few West Indians have been knighted is not racist.
To say that too many have been knighted apparently is.
Odd world, isn’t it?
There are better beachesGREAT news, huh? Thomas Cook has started selling holidays in Tunisia again.
Just two years after 38 tourists were murdered by Islamist maniacs in Sousse.
Here’s a tip – I’d be a bit cautious before you start packing up the Ambre Solaire.
I wouldn’t take a vacation in any Muslim country right now. Or for the foreseeable future. No matter how nice the beaches look.

Parents are buying better grades
Getty - Contributor15 Parents are buy their kids grades and of course it only benefits the middle class
SO – the A levels have all been marked. And now the real scandal begins.
Re-marking. Thousands upon thousands of disappointed students paying vast sums to have their papers re-marked.
Parents have to pay nearly £50 a time. Simply to challenge the incompetence of the markers first time around.
And so the examining boards coin it in twice over. Once for getting the marks wrong in the first place.
Then by charging for doing it all again.
And of course it’s the well-off who can afford to splash out for their kids. The poor don’t have hundreds of quid lying around doing nothing.
In some private schools 60 per cent of grades are re-marked.
Isn’t this simply a case of middle-class parents buying better grades for their kids?
Disgraceful Labour... again
Sundog Pictures15 Labour MP Naz Shah has said some ignorant and offence things but just because her views are the same as Corbyn he will not fire her
WHY is Naz Shah still a Labour MP?
This ghastly, pig-ignorant idiot has just shared a Twitter message – telling the victims of rape and sexual abuse in Rotherham to “shut up for the good of diversity”.
It was “shutting up for the good of diversity” that led to these appalling crimes not being investigated in the first place. She said it was a “genuine mistake” but she has form.
She has compared Israel to Nazi Germany. Alongside a whole bunch of other grotesque anti-Semitic comments.
Kick her out of the party, Corbyn. But you won’t, will you? Because her prejudices are ones which you share, aren’t they?
I've Chad my fill of Sarah
C515 I feel bad for Sarah's boyfriend at home watching CBB
I MEAN this in the nicest possible sense. And without wishing to cause offence.
But, is there anything that ageing slapper Sarah Harding won’t do for a bit of publicity?
The latest one was to dive for Chad Johnson’s johnson in full view of the cameras on Celebrity Big Brother.
That will have been fun viewing for her other boyfriend, watching from home.
Incidentally, I haven’t a clue who the hell Chad Johnson is.
Apart from being American and taking part in reality shows.
Celebrity? In what possible sense?

