The Sun’s Deborah James leads bowel cancer patients baring their scars to prove it could happen to anyone
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/8763871/bowel-cancer-doesnt-discriminate-sun-deborah-james/
2nd April 2019, 12:01 am
YOUNG, old, male or female - bowel cancer doesn't discriminate.
It's the second biggest cancer killer in the UK, claiming the lives of more than 16,000 people every year.
Sophie Mayanne11 Sun Online columnist Deborah James bares all as she stars in a hard-hitting photoshoot proving bowel cancer can affect anyone
Now, a brave group of patients and relatives have shared their experiences of the disease - and bared all for the camera - to highlight how it can affect anyone, at any time in life.
The photos, taken by acclaimed photographer Sophie Mayanne, are released today by Bowel Cancer UK as part of their #thisisbowelcancer campaign to mark Bowel Cancer Awareness Month.
It comes after BBC journalist Jeremy Bowen revealed yesterday he is being treated for the disease, at the age of 59.
Bowel cancer is more common in those aged 50 and over. But, many of those pictured were diagnosed in their 30s.
That's why The Sun launched the No Time 2 Lose campaign last year - to raise awareness and encourage everyone no matter their age to learn the signs and symptoms of the disease.
Our campaign was spearheaded by Sun Online columnist Deborah James, who is photographed alongside friends in treatment, patients in remission and relatives who have lost ones.
Here they tell The Sun how they represent what bowel cancer is.
Sun Online columnist Deborah James, 37: 'I was 35... you're never too young'
Sophie Mayanne11 Deborah was 35 when she was diagnosed with stage 4 bowel cancer
Deborah, 37, who shares her experience in her weekly column Things Cancer Made Me Say, is being treated for stage 4 bowel cancer, said: “Bowel cancer can happen to anyone of us.
"Any age, race - you are never too young, too fit or too healthy. It tears lives apart.
"It's not just something that affects older people, I was 35 when I was diagnosed and my world came crashing down.
"I've lost friends to this horrible disease, and I have to face the reality that it's likely to rob me of my future, my kids of their mum.
"Together, by raising awareness and breaking taboos, we can stop other people dying of bowel cancer.
"This disease doesn't have to be a death sentence, catch it early enough and chances are, you will survive."
Richard Bingham, 40: 'I look entirely normal but stage 4 cancer is on the rampage inside'
Sophie Mayanne11 Richard Bingham was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer when he was in his 30s
Photographer's granddad had bowel cancer
THE powerful images were taken by acclaimed photographer Sophie Mayanne, whose grandfather was diagnosed with bowel cancer.
She said: "My granddad had bowel cancer in his final years, so it is a topic that hits close to home for me.
"It's important to show the different angles of living with cancer - as each person's journey is as unique, as it is emotional.
"I think the most important thing people can take away from these images is that life doesn't stop when you are diagnosed with cancer.
"My granddad was still my granddad when he was diagnosed, as are mothers still mothers, partners still partners and family still family.”

Richard Bingham, 40, from East Sussex was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in 2016.
He lives in Rye with his partner Bekky (also featured in the portrait series).
Since his diagnosis he has undergone bowel and liver surgery, radiotherapy and is currently having chemotherapy.
He said: “Bowel cancer - indeed any cancer - is so often unseen, with the patient appearing entirely normal while the disease is on the rampage on the inside.
"It comes in so many different shapes and forms that it is vital people understand this, especially to allow for early diagnosis.
"The photo shoot was an amazing experience, which left both Bekky and I feeling emotional, part of a community and privileged to be involved in such an awesome and meaningful campaign."
Katy Bruce Jaja, 34: 'Pregnancy masked my disease, being young doesn't mean you're immune'
Sophie Mayanne11 Katy Bruce Jaja, with her two children, said her symptoms were missed during pregnancy with her youngest son - she's just 34
Katy Bruce Jaja, 34 from Essex was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer six months ago in 2018, after her symptoms were missed whilst she was pregnant with her youngest son.
Katy is married and a mum of two boys. She is currently in treatment and has just finished chemotherapy.
She said: “My life completely changed a few months ago. Bowel cancer was not something that I ever thought about.
"As a young woman I was aware of things like breast and cervical cancer checks but I always associated bowel cancer with being a lot older.
"I’m 34. Unfortunately being young doesn’t make you immune.
"More awareness needs to be raised. If you’re experiencing symptoms go to see your GP, the earlier the better!”

Barbara Hibbert, 61: 'Stage 4 doesn't mean you have to stop living'
Sophie Mayanne11 Former teacher Barbara Hibbert, 61 from Harrogate was diagnosed with stage 4 bowel cancer in 2014
Barbara Hibbert, 61 from Harrogate was diagnosed with stage 4 bowel cancer in 2014.
A former teacher she is a mother to two daughters and a grandmother.
Barbara has undergone bowel surgery and lost her hair as a result of chemotherapy, which is quite rare for people with bowel cancer.
She said: ‘‘I want to show that a stage 4, doesn’t mean that you stop living – you just have to live faster because you have less time.
Bowel cancer touches millions across UK - charity boss
DEBORAH Alsina, chief executive of Bowel Cancer UK said: “These incredible images and raw footage are a beautiful homage to those affected by bowel cancer.
"Young, old, female or male – it can affect us all.
"Around 268,000 people living in the UK today have been diagnosed with bowel cancer.
"But it doesn’t just impact the person with the disease.
"It touches their families, friends and colleagues, doctors and nurses, scientists and researchers.
"That’s millions of people right across the UK.
"We need more people affected by bowel cancer to come together and take action to create a future where nobody dies of this disease.”

"A terminal diagnosis isn’t a good thing to receive, but it does give you time to prepare and to make the most of the time you have left.
“I put off getting my symptoms checked and that delay meant that when my cancer was found it was already severe.
"It’s very easy to persuade yourself that you shouldn’t bother the busy doctor or be one of the ‘worried well’ clogging up the surgery, but it’s so important to get yourself checked, even if you are overweight, drink too much, don’t take much exercise and are menopausal – all excuses for not taking action in my case.
Margaret Chung, 66: 'My daughter was 36, she died seven months after diagnosis'
Sophie Mayanne11 Margaret Chung holds a picture of her daughter Annabel who died within seven months of being diagnosed
Margaret Chung, 66 from Buckinghamshire lost her daughter Annabel to bowel cancer in 2016 at just 36, seven months after she was diagnosed with the disease.
She said: “There isn’t a word in the dictionary that can express just how awful it was to lose Annabel.
"Especially knowing that if her symptoms had been taken seriously earlier, she might still be with us.
"When she was here Annabel touched so many people’s lives so knowing that through this, she has contributed and is still helping people, is a life saver for me.
"I just wish she was here.”
Gemma Savoury, 34: 'Bowel cancer is indiscriminate'
Sophie Mayanne11 Gemma Savoury shows her permanent stoma bag after being diagnosed wit stage four bowel cancer
Gemma Savoury, 34, from West Midlands was initially diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer in 2014, but unfortunately three years later it spread to her lungs.
Since being diagnosed she has had chemotherapy, lung surgery, abdominoperineal resection surgery and now has a permanent stoma bag and is on dialysis.
She said: “It’s really important to show that anyone, at any age can be affected by bowel cancer.
"Cancer doesn’t pick an age, colour or gender, it’s indiscriminate and it is life-changing.
"This shoot gave me the opportunity to embrace my scars, gain some much needed confidence and feel proud of how far I’ve come."
The Sun's No Time 2 Lose campaign
THE Sun's No Time 2 Lose campaign called for bowel cancer screening in England to be lowered from 60 to 50, which experts say could save more than 4,500 lives a year.
In Scotland, NHS patients can take a Faecal Immunochemical Test (FIT) from their 50th birthday but the rest of the UK have to wait another 10 years.
An independent review of national screening programmes is currently underway, according to NHS England.
But as these brave people have shown, bowel cancer can affect anyone at any age.
It is the second deadliest form of the disease, but it can be cured if it's caught early - or better still prevented.
Caught at stage 1 - the earliest stage - patients have a 97 per cent chance of living for five years or longer.
But catch it at stage 4 - when it's already spread - and that chance plummets to just seven per cent.
We all deserve an equal chance to beat this disease, regardless of where we live.
We know bowel cancer is more likely after the age of 50 - so it makes sense to screen from then.
Plus, it's got to save the NHS money in the long-run, catching the disease before patients need serious and expensive treatments.

Reginald Bull, 84: 'I'm proof if you catch it early you can survive this'
Sophie Mayanne11 Reginald Bull, 84, from Hampshire was diagnosed with stage one bowel cancer when he was 53
Reginald Bull, 84, from Hampshire was diagnosed with stage one bowel cancer when he was 53.
Though he was given the all clear, the fear of the cancer coming back and the trauma he went through left him with chronic depression.
With the support of his wife, Maureen, Reginald sought help and is a stronger person.
He said: "Taking part made me feel that in some small way I might help others who one day may have to face all the traumas associated with being diagnosed with bowel cancer and for that I am very grateful."
Jaimin Patel, 35: 'I'm stage 3, but it doesn't mean life is over'
Sophie Mayanne11 Jaimin Patel, 35, has incurable bowel cancer
Jaimin Patel, 35, from London was diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer in 2013 - three years later he found out it was incurable.
Jaimin is married with a young son and has a stoma following bowel surgery.
He said: “I want people to see that although I might be young(ish), having bowel cancer doesn’t mean that life is over.
"I hope that getting the picture of normality out to those suffering with this cancer will encourage them to try different things and not feel restricted in their life.
"Because if I can lead as normal a life as possible, by being positive and trying new things, you can give yourself a better chance of making the most of the time you are living and not worry about the time after.”
Seraphine Uwimana, 49: 'This disease took my husband, don't let it take yours'
Sophie Mayanne11 Seraphine Uwimana, 49, lost her husband, Antoine, to bowel cancer - pictured with her daughter and grandson
Seraphine Uwimana, 49 from London lost her husband, Antoine, in 2016 after he died from bowel cancer.
The couple had been together for 26 years and had three children together.
She said: “What I wish, is that if anyone has those symptoms then they go to the doctor as soon as they see them.
"Antoine didn’t and maybe if he did, they would have caught it sooner and he would still be here now.
"The thing I found hardest about losing Antoine wasn’t losing my husband, it was losing my councillor, adviser and best friend.
"I don’t want anyone else to go through that.”
Stuart Cock, 44: 'I want my kids to grow up in a world where no one dies from this disease'
Sophie Mayanne11 Dad-of-four Stuart Cock was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2017
THERE'S NO TIME 2 LOSENO TIME 2 LOSE Sharp rise in bowel cancer in under 30s prompts calls to drop screening age NEVER TOO YOUNG I was diagnosed with bowel cancer after fluke doc trip - I had no symptoms GET CHECKED Jeremy Bowen says bowel cancer screening is vital after he had no symptoms RevealedKNOW THE SIGNS The five red flag warning signs of bowel cancer you should NEVER ignore GUT FEELING Eating too much red meat and 5 other ways you're at risk of bowel cancer ExclusiveMUM'S AGONY I found Annabel dead at 36 after docs said she was 'too young for bowel cancer' DEADLY DELAY Mum, 36, says doctors dismissed bowel cancer as IBS because she's 'too young' ExclusiveLIVES LOST Jeremy Bowen's anger at cancer screening delay that 'could've prevented disease' 'BOWEN BOUNCE' Jeremy Bowen's cancer diagnosis prompts more people to check symptoms online DON'T POO-POO IT What poo colour says about your health and how to spot bowel cancer signs WISE UP 1 in 3 Brits clueless about bowel cancer symptoms - know the signs to watch out for 
Stuart Cock, 44 from Swindon was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2017.
A married dad-of-four, Stuart had bowel surgery, six months of chemotherapy and due to the impact his diagnosis had on his mental health, is still receiving treatment for this.
He said: "As a dad to four I know that because of my diagnosis, my kids are at a slightly higher risk than the rest of the population of developing this disease.
"So as a father, I want to do everything I can to raise awareness and make sure that by 2050, when my eldest daughter turns 42, the age I was at diagnosis, she is living in a country where nobody dies from this treatable disease.”

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




