I was treading on eggshells as I described the very specific problem of ‘some’ Muslim men and their attitude to white Western women
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4259021/i-was-treading-on-eggshells-as-i-described-the-very-specific-problem-of-some-muslim-men-and-their-attitude-to-white-western-women/
16th August 2017, 8:58 pm
SOME Sun readers may have missed the concocted explosion of Labour and Islamic hysteria over a column I wrote on Monday about Muslim sex gangs.
This fake fury was largely confined to a small circulation, mostly-online newspaper and a letter from a bunch of lefties dragooned by the Muslim Council of Britain.
Stewart Williams - The Sun4 Sun columnist Trevor Kavanagh
My offence was to write about the attitude of predatory Muslim men towards white women - what I called “the Muslim Problem”.
I was instantly denounced for fomenting a Nazi-style “Final Solution” comparable only with the Jewish Holocaust. It was a ludicrous, offensive and perverse distortion of the truth.
A letter calling for my dismissal signed by 105 cross-party MPs was led by Labour’s Naz Shah, the Bradford MP suspended last year for anti-Semitism.
In a series of social media posts in 2014 she shared a graphic with the headline "Solution for Israel-Palestine conflict - relocate Israel into United States” adding the message “problem solved” - and urged friends to back a poll criticising Israel saying “the Jews are rallying”.
Jeremy Corbyn accepted her reinstatement after a few weeks, sparking criticism over his own alleged anti-Semitism along with that of his pal Red Ken Livingstone.
Fake claims of Islamophobia are the price journalists risk today if we dare question the conduct of a minority hostile to the host community.
PA:Press Association4 A letter calling for my dismissal signed by 105 cross-party MPs was led by Labour’s Naz Shah, the Bradford MP suspended last year for anti-Semitism
At the outset I want to state the vast majority of Muslims in Britain are decent, generous, hospitable and law-abiding men and women who add to the fabric of this nation.
They have nothing whatsoever to do with the customs and primitive practices referred to in my article. Indeed they are as appalled as the rest of us by extremism.
But it is impossible to write about Muslims without catching the eagle eye of MCB assistant general secretary Miqdaad Versi.
I have been on the receiving end of his vigilance – he has had two IPSO adjudications against The Sun and recognises that as a Sun journalist and as a board member of the Independent Press Standards Organisation, where he is a regular complainant, I represent a particularly juicy target.
So, as ever when writing about Islam this week, I was treading on eggshells as I described the very specific problem of “some” Muslim men and their attitude to white Western women.
The article followed the trial and imprisonment of 17 mainly British-born men from the Pakistani, Bangladeshi, Indian, Iraqi, Iranian and Turkish communities who groomed, raped and abused scores of vulnerable young, mainly white, girls over many years.
PA:Press Association4 On Monday, I paid tribute to Sarah Champion’s courage
They were among many gangs operating in Britain but police and local authorities turned a deliberate blind eye. It was left to the courage and tenacity of Times reporter Andrew Norfolk to bring them to book.
I cited Rotherham Labour MP Sarah Champion who bravely broke ranks and identified the problem everyone else on the Left had shied away from.
She told Radio 4’s Today programme: “We’ve got now hundreds of men, Pakistani men, who have been convicted of this crime.
“Why are we not commissioning research to see what’s going on and how we need to change what’s going on so it never happens again?”
She added: “The far right will attack me for not doing enough, the floppy left will have a go at me for being a racist.
“But this isn’t racist, this is child protection and we need to be grown up about this and deal with it.”
The Sun asked Ms Champion if she would write an op-ed piece for the following day's paper, expanding on her comments.
She happily agreed and filed an article that was approved by her office.
Sarah was delighted. Her only request was for us to use a more flattering picture in future.
In a message to our features editor the morning after, an aide said: “She is absolutely thrilled with it. However, she is mortified that you've used such an ancient picture of her - it is about five years old!”
Presumably got at by Corbynistas, she has subsequently sought to distance herself from her own article and has now resigned for her “poor choice of words”.
On Monday, I paid tribute to Sarah’s courage, saying: “Thanks to ex-Equalities chief Trevor Phillips and Labour MPs like Rotherham’s Sarah Champion, it is acceptable to say Muslims are a specific rather than cultural problem."
Northumbria Police4 Evil members of a child sex grooming network who abused girls as young as 14 in Newcastle
I went on to say how one of the gang “starkly identified the gulf between some Muslim men and the white British women they regard as prey: “They are good for one thing, for me to f*** and use like trash.”
That goes for the Albanian and Bulgarian child sex traffickers setting up shop across Britain.
The abuse of women by Muslims, says Trevor Phillips, is “on an industrial scale".
“What the perpetrators have in common is their proclaimed faith. They are Muslims, and many of them would claim to be practising. It is not Islamophobic to point this out.”
My mistake, apparently, was to describe this as “the Muslim Problem”.
I can honestly say it never occurred to me that this could be interpreted as a play on “the Jewish Problem” and I will happily apologise to anyone who is thus offended.
Perhaps this is because I have never believed there was a Jewish Problem. There certainly was a Nazi problem with the Jews. And there was the nightmare of “the Final Solution”.
But the Jews have never been a problem as far as I am aware.
Having visited many countries in the Middle East, I can vouch for the fact that Israel alone stands out as the only beacon of true democracy and I am a huge admirer of the Jewish state and its citizens.
This fake outrage is more than simply a personal attack on me or upon the Sun newspaper. It is a pernicious attempt to stifle and smother free speech.
The letter from the MPs fails to pinpoint a single mistake or error of fact in my article. 
The letter is nothing less than an attempt to gag not just me but anyone else who dares to venture an opinion which contradicts their narrow point of view.
For the record, I vehemently deny being Islamophobic, even though - like a very large number of Muslims - I disapprove of Islam’s most medieval practices.
Indeed, only two weeks ago, I wrote: “We often ask Muslims to stand up and speak out. So when they do so, we should applaud."
This weekend, 30,000 Muslims raised the Union Jack over a festival in Hampshire to demonstrate loyalty to the UK.
Imam Ahmad Farhad says: "The Prophet Mohammed taught loyalty to your country is part of your faith. We instil loyalty to your nation from a very young age."
Meanwhile, Turkish-born Seyran Ates is setting up mosques in Britain and Europe which are open to men, women, gays and believers of all faiths. People have been executed for less.
These are small, brave steps. It’s difficult to imagine Islamist fanatics following suit. But it’s a start.
Nor can The Sun be accused of Islamophobia. Thousands of our hardworking newsagents are Muslim and have our respect.
Times journalist Clare Foges wrote this today without arousing adverse comment: "Britain is a pretty liberal country. We respect people’s freedom to live as they please, within the law.
“But when separateness grows to mean a scant regard for the laws and courtesies that frame life for most of us, we have a serious problem."
She was talking about Travellers. Otherwise, her words and mine could be interchangeable.
* A previous version of this article said that the letter from the MPs conceded there were no grounds for referring the original column to Ipso for adjudication. The letter did not state that, and so the sentence has now been removed. We have also amended the article to make clear that the letter was not signed exclusively by Labour MPs, but also by some politicians from other parties.

