Daily horoscope for Friday August 4 – here’s what the stars have in store for you today
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/4167599/daily-horoscope-for-friday-august-4-heres-what-the-stars-have-in-store-for-you-today/
4th August 2017, 2:39 am
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
A clash between your ambitions and helping a friend get that dream job should be handled with care. Being supportive now can bring rewards later. In love, don’t be suspicious if a long-term partner gets overly romantic, it’s just the effect you have on people. Single? Jupiter matches you with a generous Libra.
 
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
Mercury, the planet that helps you think fast and follow clues, is perfectly placed to help you to shine in tests and competitions. Don’t let intriguing romantic developments distract you at work where opportunities that have been simmering for a while open up for you. If you are single, the initial “D” is a hot love clue.
 
1
 
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
As Jupiter squares up to Pluto, your attitude changes. Instead of analysing all a partner says and does, you just enjoy love to create a hotter, happier relationship. Still looking? It starts with smiles in a supermarket. Even if it’s hard to see, you are getting somewhere with a home project. An old photo will inspire you.
 
CANCER
June 22 to July 22
You think clearly and have a deeper insight into relationships of all kinds, knowing who’s really there for you. Clever Mercury retrains your brain to be more businesslike and this could turn a dream ambition into real-life action. Later, love takes over – and if you are free, a Taurus is a serious and sexy contender.
 
LEO
July 23 to August 23
You lead the way creating mutual respect at work, where good ideas turn into great ones when shared. Love-wise, this is not a day to wear your heart on your sleeve. An enigmatic smile is more effective, as Venus travels in the most secretive part of your chart. Single? Your new love does detective work.
 
VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
New faces and getting back in touch with former colleagues have a positive effect on work projects and you could soon be running a business together. A relationship may not be easy but is a solid base for your love life. Still looking? The moon in the heart of your chart sets up a meeting at a leisure centre.
 

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

 
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
What starts as a local success can go global and you have a vital role to play. Venus, overseeing your sign, can bring luxury as well as romance into your life. Being your natural self draws the right partner into your life. But at first friends are amazed to see you together. Seeing a relative smile again makes your day
 
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
You can be the cool, clever organiser when a family meeting has a serious purpose but is also full of fun. Love is different this time because you are both ready to listen. If you’re free to start a new relationship, let the friend you consider luckiest in love make the introductions. A Swedish name is significant
 
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
You have a blend of intuition and common sense that helps you understand others’ worries. Then you can work together to solve their dilemmas. This strengthens your position at home and at work. As Venus mingles with the moon, you are now so close to finding your soulmate.
 
CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
Jupiter is in place to build up your self-belief and Pluto sees changes working well so for you. This is your moment to be ambitious and take several important steps towards living the dream. In love terms, as the moon arrives in your sign, partners are closer than ever before.
 
AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
Hiding your feelings can make it seem you don’t care how someone behaves. It’s time for a calm conversation that shows you do. Promises can be made and kept that take love forward. But it’s your ability to tune into all that goes on behind the scenes at work that helps you make all the right moves.
 
PISCES
February 19 to March 20
It may be something you never thought you’d do but getting involved in a community project will bring out talents you never guessed you had. The key words for your day are trust and friendship, helping to future-proof a relationship. Family may not understand your job ambitions but they still believe in you.
 

