Daily horoscope for Tuesday August 1 – here’s what the stars have in store for you today
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/4139740/daily-horoscope-for-tuesday-august-1-star-sign/
1st August 2017, 1:55 am
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
Deep strength comes from knowing you and a partner belong together.
The greatest star gift you have right now is an ability to make this happen, in a long-term relationship or with someone you’ve just met.
Luck goes long-distance and could include discovering family links with Australia.
1
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
So many words have been spoken, or thought, about making a major personal change now you choose action.
This puts a special energy in your chart that gets chances lined up,waiting for your say-so. And if you’re unsure where love is going, enjoying the moment gives a relationship its best chance.
You step into the luck zone when you’re handed a microphone.
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
Separating how you feel from what you do, hands you so much freedom - plus the opportunity to sample a kind of creative work that’s always been a dream.
You have a direct, confident work style that may start as an act but soon becomes real.
If you’re single, someone who has been devoted to making money is now ready to concentrate on loving you.
CANCER
June 22 to July 22
Getting used to being the zodiac’s hottest love star may take a while — but this is what Venus plans for you. So many people are thinking about you and singing your praises.
At work, use your influence to motivate others, they can input so much into your future.
Sharing luck, not hoarding it, helps it to grow stronger.
New love has the same initials as you.
LEO
July 23 to August 23
There’s such a strong but also thoughtful and intuitive aspect to you and your day — and you notice qualities in people you missed before.
You also discover who wants you to experience major success — not perhaps who you think.
The moon moves into the winning-most part of your chart, so do enter that contest — and it’s time to test a skill for writing topical jokes.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
Making big changes, at work, or in a community project you really care about, can spill over into personal relationships, too - as partners really see a new, and exciting, side of each other.
And if you’re single, a hot charity or politics campaigner gets your heart’s vote.
Yes, a home choice is taking its time, but go with the flow, you’re learning such a lot.
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
There’s such a sense of forward progress in your life — as you can move towards a career you love, that feels more like pleasure than work.
In love terms, too, you’re ready to set some clear goals — but so is a partner.
Making a small compromise is smart and not the same as giving in.
In family life, too, you can let the niggles go and work as a team.
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
As Venus settles into your new horizons chart, love can take you to new places on many levels. Partners plan an amazing, customised, journey together.
Or if you’re single, a quiet traveller could be the one who helps you believe in love again.
Closer to home, it could be a relative’s surprising sports-linked success that draws a family together for a celebration.
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
There is something new and impressive about you as the moon moves into your sign and even the most stubborn people are keen to please you.
And this can lead to a breakthrough with your plans at work and at home.
In love, you take charge, act spontaneously instead of over-thinking every move.
If you’re single, the moment a Leo says hello, you will sense this is it.
CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
Mercury the brainiest of the planets helps you find fast and correct answers in tests and make confident and correct decisions at work.
But when it comes to love, a relationship that is growing slowly is about to turn into something wonderful.
If you’re single, a friend who is bossy does want the best for you and could now introduce to such a special new partner.
AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
A really productive work time is beginning for you, as you achieve more but also gain insight into where you need to go next.
Your sociability zone is buzzing with new names and events, plus a sense of peace.
Because you know that the people you need, do need you, too. Love-wise, you may be underestimating how special your relationship is.
PISCES
February 19 to March 20
There’s a fun filter on your chart and you can sparkle so brightly in any group - and if you want someone special to notice you, start a conversation about comedy shows.
But smart planet Mercury takes over as your guide when you talk about the way costs should be shared for a project linked to your home.
Luck discovers a ticket no one has checked yet.

