What happens when a nursery of four-year-old kids spends six weeks with pensioners at an old folks’ home?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/4089567/nursery-four-year-old-kids-with-pensioners-old-folks-home/
25th July 2017, 12:47 am
DEPRESSED, frail and stuck in their armchairs for hours, the residents of a retirement community were making their way round the last lap of life.
Many had lost loved ones, rarely saw their families and had few or no friends.
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Residents of St Monica Trust retirement home in Bristol had their lives transformed by a social experiment
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Four-year-old children attended the home every day for six weeks to attend a temporary nursery
Not known refer to copyright holder16 The social experiment has formed the basis of a Channel 4 programme 'Old People’s Home For Four Year Olds'
Then an incredible social experiment brought ten young children into their lives, transformed their physical and mental wellbeing and gave them a new lease of life.
New Channel 4 show Old People’s Home For Four Year Olds sent the pre-schoolers into the St Monica Trust retirement home in Bristol every day for six weeks to attend a temporary nursery.
The experiment follows studies which show that mixing four-year- olds with pensioners can have huge benefits for both groups. In the US, nurseries have existed in old people’s homes for more than 25 years.
And the effect on the group of 11 pensioners at St Monica’s was almost immediate.
Tests carried out on the OAPs had shown one third of the group was depressed. Nine felt their life was “unexciting” and more than half said they felt “hopeless” about the future.
A team led by ageing expert ­Professor Malcolm Johnson of Bath University set the pensioners and children a series of experiments aimed at improving their lives.
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Resident Hamish shares afternoon tea with Eva and Millie
Not known refer to copyright holder16 86-year-old Monica formed a close bond with four-year-old Solomon
Not known refer to copyright holder16 (left to right) Michael, Noah, Pat and Millie
The results are extraordinary and moving. The experiments revealed that simply playing games with the kids, walking around the retirement home grounds and taking part in a sports day had a transformative effect.
Lifelong bachelor Hamish, 88, a retired insurance manager, has an artificial leg after being knocked down by a lorry aged 14.
During his four years at St Monica’s, he spent more than eight hours a day sitting in his chair.
When the children first introduce themselves to the old folk in the ­programme, he pointedly stays seated.
But when the experts bring in some duck eggs ready to hatch in ­incubators, the infectious excitement of the children makes Hamish unexpectedly animated.
Four-year-old Millie forms a bond with Hamish, describing him as her “favourite person”.
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Sheila and Eva draw together as residents were encouraged to interact with kids
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Residents Monica, Linda and Mary spend time with youngsters Solomon, Nelson and Amiya
Within a fortnight, Hamish is rolling around on the floor pretending to be a lion while his young charges scream with delight. Slowly, he starts to forget he needs a stick at all.
But one pensioner initially struggles to interact with the children.
Zina, a retired council worker from Holland, was once fit and active and used to go hiking in the mountains with husband Bernard. The couple moved to St Monica’s when he was diagnosed with early dementia.
Tests revealed she was the most depressed OAP in the group and “grieving” over her husband’s illness.
But in moving scenes, the 77-year-old gives a small cry of delight when a little girl called Eva rushes over to ask for her help after the duck eggs start to hatch.
Zina says: “To find a child’s hand in yours is one of the most moving things that can happen to you.
To find a child’s hand in yours is one of the most moving things that can happen to you– Zina, 77
MOST READ IN LIVINGTAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work NOT JUST SPOTS! Six common types of bumps on your skin - and the ones that could be deadly Exclusive'He threatened to kill me' Woman whose ex beat her for FIVE HOURS says he bragged about abuse on Valentine’s Day SHEER LUNACY? Braless Sun girl takes to the streets in a sheer top to try out Kendall Jenner's titillating new fashion trend - so would you try it? X APPEAL Remember X Factor’s Craig Colton? This is what he looks like now 
“The most important thing in life is to be loved — and children have such pure and positive love.
“It has been a joy to play with the kids. Every time they are happy, we are happy.”
Frail Mary, 90, is another resident who struggles with depression.
She tells the team of researchers: “I’d like to think that there will be someone alongside me when I die. But I don’t know who that would be.”
Yet within days she is smiling and playing with the youngsters who are keen to get her involved in the games.
Over time the children also showed development in their behaviour, becoming more mature and thinking more about other people’s feelings.
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Zina and Mary sit with Solomon
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Monica and Hamish relax on the sofa while Dot and Ellie O play at their feet
Cutie Solomon was just three years old during filming and not ready for school.
But after bonding immediately with 86-year-old Monica, he became more confident, talking for longer and ­mixing with different people.
Monica, a widowed former secretary, said: “Some of them have really come out of their shells.
“Solomon told his mum that ‘Monica was funny’ but apparently that’s a compliment.
“Children either like you or they don’t. And if they don’t, you’ve had it! At one point I was sitting in one of the armchairs and he ran across the room and flung himself on me. I was favourite of the month that day.
“I don’t know why but he had his arms and legs wrapped round tightly.
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Monica, Linda and Mary are radiant as the mischievous Solomon, Nelson and Amiya stand behind them
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Children and elderly residents shared in activities together
“It makes you feel really good when they do that, and it’s totally ­unexpected and spontaneous.”
One of the other key friendships is between four-year-old Amiya and Lynda, 80, a retired office worker.
Lynda said: “There are a lot of very lonely people out there who would love to have the opportunity to do something like this but they are frightened to talk to the children in case it’s taken the wrong way.
“It’s been lovely to do childish things and remember my own ­childhood. At the beginning, the grown-ups had to choose a child to do some art work with and I was frightened to death.
“I sort of stood there looking like a village idiot and Amiya came up, took my hand and said, ‘You’re ­coming with me’.
“I was very grateful to her for ­coming to my rescue because I was just frozen, really. And we’ve had a lovely time together ever since then.
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Story time Lorna and Elsie at St Monica's
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Nursery teacher Emma with Elsie, Dot, Ellie S and Ellie O
“With retirement villages, we only mix with our age group. Most people probably don’t see their grandchildren enough.
“So I thought this was a good idea and I was curious to see what would happen. It has been great fun.
Little Amiya’s mum Chelsie Neville, 27, said she was sceptical about her four-year-old daughter taking part.
She said: “I wasn’t sure if she’d enjoy it or if she’d get too tired, but she has loved every minute of it.
“Amiya is a lot more confident and has become a lot more mature in such a small space of time. It’s amazing.
“She has picked up some of the elderly lingo. She says things like, ‘Thank you, my darling’, which really makes me laugh. I don’t know what it is exactly, but she and Lynda just have this bond.
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Nursery teacher Priyah, with Amiya and Eva
“This has opened her eyes up more to the elderly and what their lives entail.
“Whenever we’re out, she’ll say ‘hello’ to them all, blow them a kiss, wave at them. She loves them to bits. They’re a bit taken aback at first because ­little kids don’t normally pay much attention to people around them.
“I feel like the two ­generations are on a ­similar path, in a way.
“They’re the only generations that aren’t working and worrying about money and everything else. So I think that’s why they get on.”
Old People’s Home For 4 Year Olds is on Channel 4 on Tuesday, August 1 and the following night, both at 9pm.
Help is child's play
Not known refer to copyright holder16 Gerontologist Professor Malcolm Johnson created the social experiment
THE leader of the experiment, Professor Malcolm Johnson, believes the show demonstrates how children can dramatically improve the lives of the elderly.
The academic, who has spent decades researching and working with older people, said: “Those who are very old lose connections. People die, you become less mobile, you can’t get out to meet people.
“When you get into what we call the fourth age, when you lose capability and the ability to sustain yourself, then you might be living at home. People think it is absolutely the best option but it’s not.
“Retirement communities are the last lap.
“They are the last place you will live before you die. Older people think about it every day.
“Their lives have become containers of a multitude of losses. It’s not always fun.
“If we can take away some of that depression and put living back in that space then that’s extraordinary.”

