Sajid Javid brands housebuilders who keep charging ground rent on homes they flog an ‘extortion racket’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4089403/housebuilders-rent-extortion-racket-sajid-javid/
24th July 2017, 10:46 pm
COMMUNITIES SECRETARY Sajid Javid will today propose capping rip-off ground rents charged to over a million Brits as he declares war on fat-cat developers.
The Tory big hitter will unveil a plan to clamp down on the “feudal” practice of housebuilders fleecing Brits trying to move up the property ladder.
Getty Images1 A dream home can become nightmare because of the charges
He wants to ban developers from selling new build homes as leaseholds.
And he is also vowing to tackle spiralling ground rents.
This involves proposals to set ground rents to “as low as zero” for new builds also intervening to slash “onerous” charges on the estimated million or so Brits already on leasehold deals.
Typically, leasehold agreements are used for flats or properties with a shared space. But Mr Javid said more developers are using leases for new build homes – as a way to “guarantee an income stream”.
Speaking last night the Cabinet Secretary said: “It’s clear that far too many new houses are being built and sold as leaseholds, exploiting home buyers with unfair agreements and spiralling ground rents.
“Enough is enough.
“These practices are unjust, unnecessary and need to stop.”
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
He added: “Our proposed changes will help make sure leasehold works in the best interests of homebuyers now and in the future.”
In new consultation published today, the government will say that too often house buyers on a lease are forced to pay huge sums for even tiny alterations to their home.
And they are hit by inflation busting increases to ground rent just years after moving in.
In one case a family house is now “unsaleable” because the ground rent is set to spiral to £10,000 a year by 2060.
In another a homeowner was told that buying the freehold on their property would cost £2,000 – only to find the bill came to £40,000.
The Government believes around 10,000 leasehold houses were sold in 2016.
Mr Javid said the problem was particularly acute in Greater Manchester and Lancashire but that the practice had begun to spread to other parts of the country.
Consultation on the crackdown will last until the middle of September.
It’s the latest move by the Department of Communities and Local Government to finally address the housing crisis.
The Sun last week revealed that Mr Javid was preparing to unveil a new rule that would force NIMBY councils to take affordability into account when planning new homes.
He wants to slap a new legal requirement on councils to greenlight thousands of new homes if the house to price to salary ratio goes above a certain level.
The "test" has been debated intensely in No.10 for six months amid fears it could spark a rebellion on the Tory backbenchers by effectively capping prices..
SCANDAL WILL STOPBy Sajid Javid, Communities SecretaryPop down the shops today – whatever you buy; once you’ve paid it belongs to you. It doesn’t matter if it’s a pack of wine gums or a wedding ring.
It should be the same when you buy a home, but too many of the new houses built today are not sold on traditional freehold terms, but as leaseholds.
It’s particularly bad in the north of England, where developers are selling new homes on a leasehold basis, and then ripping homeowners off once they’ve moved in.
Every week I hear a new horror story: ground rents going up 3,000 per cent, enormous costs for buying out the lease, or paying big bills for permission to make improvements to your own home.
This isn’t a clever business model, it’s an extortion racket. Enough is enough. If house builders aren’t prepared to stop themselves, I’ll make them.
Today I’ve announced plans to ban the unfair and unjustifiable use of leasehold, and change the law so where a leasehold model does makes sense, it can’t be used to rip people off.
In our manifesto we promised to end the leasehold scandal. Today we’re honouring that promise, so home buyers can be confident their dream home won’t turn into a nightmare.

 

