Controls on immigration, free trade and taking back control of our seas – what does Britain want from Brexit?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4038793/controls-on-immigration-free-trade-and-taking-back-control-of-our-seas-what-does-britain-want-from-brexit/
18th July 2017, 11:21 am
WHAT does Brexit mean to your corner of Britain?
Divisions between regions show how difficult it will be to get a deal that works for everyone.
From free trade, to the Northern Ireland border, to controlling immigration - Leaver and Remainers across the country have completely different thoughts on what should be negotiated first.
The Sun takes a look at what’s important to your region as we gear up for our historic EU exit
17
PA:Press Association17 What do Brits want out of Brexit?
ACROSS BRITAIN - CONTROL IMMIGRATION
VOTED 52% to LEAVE
All across the UK voters opted to leave so they could take back control of our immigration policy.
Freedom of movement - a key part of being in the EU - has allowed migration to soar in recent years, and concerned Brits have been long expressing their worries over creaking public services, and job opportunities.
Research from NatCen and the UK in a Changing Europe said that 70 per cent of those surveyed want to limit EU migrants from entering the UK.
Even before Brexit talks began in earnest, one of the major concerns for voters was that any deal allows us to regain control of our borders.
Brexit-backer Derek Moore told The Sun it was one of the most important issues for him.
The 45-year-old said he wanted to see politicians who were “going to do things” like “get the foreigners out of Boston”.
And Blackpool taxi driver Peter Kennerley said: “Brexit is the best thing we’ll ever do. Will get rid of immigration and everything.”
SWNS:South West News Service17 Derek Moore said immigration was a major concern for him
SWNS:South West News Service17 Taxi driver Peter said Brexit would be the best thing Britain will ever do
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan BOO WHAT? Labour bans Julia Hartley-Brewer from Conference for shouting boo in 'safe space' PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find SCAN AND SEARCH Police should use hi-tech cameras to scan yobs for knives, Khan rival says FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April 
 
LONDON - ACCESS TO TALENT
VOTED 59% to REMAIN
Getty Images17 London voted to Remain in the EU last summer
England’s capital, with its multicultural population and high proportion of young voters, opted in favour of remain last June.
But many businesses have their eye on their talent pools - and whether they will be able to hire talented workers after we quit the bloc.
Financial services are concerned about losing trade to Frankfurt and Paris, and are pressing Brexit negotiators to ensure London remains a world leader in its field.
Pip Wilson, who runs London start-up Amicable, wants Brexit talks to ensure the capital’s tech scene can continue to thrive and grow.
She said: “People come to London for interesting startups and jobs, and that allows us to get the best tech talent.
“We want the ability for the UK to still be competitive, to attract quality staff, resources and funding. We have a global reputation for founding great start ups, and we want that to continue.”
Pip Wilson17 Pip Wilson wants to see continued access to global talent for her business
 
SOUTH WEST - CONTROL OF OUR SEAS
VOTED 53% to LEAVE
Alamy17 Fishing is important to the Plymouth economy
For fisherman in the South West, Brexit is finally a chance to gain control of Britain’s waters once more - and Michael Gove’s announcement to withdraw from London fisheries convention will have delighted many.
Strict EU rules about allowing vessels from a number of other countries to fish in each other’s waters means there are limits on how much of our own fish we can catch.
The common fisheries policy sees fish stocks shared out - and the UK can only take between six and eight per cent of the total cod and haddock quota at the moment.
Paul Trebilcock, chief executive of The Cornish Fish Producers Organisation, said fisherman in the South West wanted to see Brits get their fare share of access to the waters around the country - and of fishing quotas.
He said: "Currently down here in the south west we have 77% of shellfish landed by EU vessels. We need to address that.
"And we really want the 12 mile area of sea around the UK to be for the exclusive use of UK, sustainable ships.
"We want to make sure that the UK makes, implements and enforces the rules, not the EU. we recognise there may be some access for EU markets, but it’s our decision, not the EU's."
He welcomed Government movements towards the South West, and urged them to send a message to them that "the UK is not going to let down fishing again".
And Jim Portas, CEO of ‎South Western Fish Producer Organisation added:  "Owners of these boats can’t wait to throw off the shackles and have national control of the waters, and resources in them."
Paul Trebilcock17 Paul Trebilcock wants to see control of British waters returned to British farmers
 
NORTH OF ENGLAND - CLOSE TO THE SINGLE MARKET
VOTED 58% to LEAVE
Alamy17 Sunrise over Roker lighthouse in Sunderland - which voted strongly to quit the EU
Manufacturing, steel works and other forms of industry have always had a natural home in the north of England - and their loud and clear voices in the referendum were calling out for change.
The regions with the highest percentage of leave voters - like the Humber, Tees Valley and Sheffield - also have economies that have suffered the most in recent years.
But many of their businesses are keen to remain in the single market - or at least as closely as possible to it.
Stephen Gallagher, marketing manager of Chamber Member Canford Audio based in Washington, Sunderland, said: "We aim to provide our international customers with service levels of an equally high standard, matching those enjoyed by our domestic clients. 
"The nature of our customers’ businesses can often lead to urgent product requirements. 
"We are actively developing our relationships with European customers and have a team set to travel to Germany next week to further our strategic goal to improve our overseas business.”

 
NORTHERN IRELAND - NO HARD BORDER
VOTED 56% to REMAIN
Getty Images17 Giant's Causeway in County Antrim, Northern Ireland
Brexit throws up a difficult dilemma for Ireland - how will it cope with having Northern Ireland out, and the Republic inside the EU?
Northern Ireland as a whole voted to stay, but Britain’s result means it’s coming out. However, 400,000 people’s jobs and €60bn of trade relies on the border, according to business figures.
EU and UK officials have said it would be a priority to find a solution to hard-border being put up again, but it it highly likely there will be some form of customs control after Brexit.
Pete Hannan owns Hannan Meats wholesale business in Moira, County Armagh, and says a hard border with the Republic would be a “catastrophe”.
He wanted to see Northern Ireland remain open to business, tourists and investment to help boost its economy. And though he didn’t vote for Brexit and was uncertain about what it would mean, he was confident that after the horsemeat scandal, foot and mouth and BSE, his industry would learn to thrive, survive and adapt after we quit the bloc.
He said: “The world isn’t going to end. It’s very important that we close no doors. We don’t want any restrictions on what we produce here or where we send it.
“And we absolutely don’t want a hard border with our greatest trading partner.”
Pete Hannan17 Pete Hannan says the Northern Ireland border is a huge concern
SCOTLAND - GLOBAL TRADING OPPORTUNITIES
VOTED 62% to REMAIN
Getty Images17 Glasgow wanted to Remain in the EU - but are keen to maintain a close relationship with the bloc
Nicola Sturgeon’s been causing trouble for Theresa May after Scotland voted strongly to Remain last year - but it’s clear Britain’s leaving.
The Scottish first minister wants to keep close ties to the EU and the single market - but her dreams of another independence vote after Brexit have been hit by losing a number of seats at Westminster in last month’s election.
A national study showed that 90 per cent of people wanted to ensure free trade continued after we quit the EU in March 2019.
Christopher Gallen, owner of Gray’s Deli in Glasgow, wants a level-playing field for Scotland, and a Brexit that allows top business to export on a global stage.
He said: “If Brexit is good for Scotland, it would be good for our business - to provide opportunities and open new avenues.”
His priorities include a strong economy, stabilising the pound, and the means to show off Scottish whisky, gin, shortbread and salmon to the world.
“Our products are world class - if we can package it up and get it out there,” he said.
“If the deals with the EU and other countries are good, we will definitely look to exporting overseas in future.”
Christopher Gallen17 Christopher Gallen wants Brexit to open up trading links for Scotland
 
WALES - HELP FOR FARMING
VOTED 52% to LEAVE
Alamy17 Farming in Wales could be harmed by Brexit
Wales opted to quit the EU last year, despite the significant amounts of EU cash that gets funnelled over there.
A key concern for farmers in the region is for the UK government to match the subsidies that they received under the EU’s common agricultural policy.
Ministers have guaranteed the payments until at least 2022, but there are still concerns over environmental regulations and the effects of Brexit on farming communities.
Glyn Roberts, President of the the Farmer’s Union of Wales, said he wanted to see a deal with the EU to secure exports of Welsh produce after we quit the bloc - because trade deals with other countries could take years.
He said: “It’s all very well the possibilities of new trade with other countries, but at the end of the day, there are 500million people living in Europe, and they are our customers too.
“If we can’t export there, it will be a devastating situation.
“There has to be a balance between environment, economy and looking after our farming community.”
He also urged talks to feature a transfer of the protected status that UK products have - like Welsh lamb, and Caerphilly cheese.
17 Glyn Roberts wants to see protected status on Welsh food secured
 
SOUTH EAST - SMOOTH CUSTOMS AND STRONG BORDERS
VOTED 55% to LEAVE
News Group Newspapers Ltd17 The port of Dover sees millions use it every year
For the South East, 13 million passengers and £119billion worth of trade passes through the port of Dover every year, making it hugely important to the local economy.
And 27 per cent of Brits were found in a recent YouGov survey to want to ensure Britain and trade freely with the EU without tariff barriers and customs checks.
Any extra checks for people travelling, or goods passing in or out, could cause utter chaos.
The shipping industry is keen to minimise any disruption and sort out any customs issues as soon as possible in the ongoing Brexit talks.
Port of Dover Chief Executive Tim Waggott said: "Maintaining fluidity at the Dover Straits to protect and promote UK-European land-based trade flows must be one of the key imperatives during the Brexit talks.
"That means a tailored solution that maintains the rapid transit of goods through the crossings and the wider freight corridor post-Brexit."
And Guy Platten, CEO of the UK Chamber of Shipping, said he wanted Brexit to see smooth trade move between Britain and the UK, and urged EU negotiators to understand its importance.
He said: “The importance of Dover to the UK economy cannot be understated. More than £120bn of trade moves through the port each year. Thousands of lorries go through its gates every day.
“There is simply not enough space to park these lorries for hours on end whilst the customs paperwork is completed.
“Without frictionless trade, we will see gridlock on the roads around Dover and the European ports.”
Guy Platten17 Guy Platten wants to ensure a smooth border at Dover when we leave


