Mum’s anger as ‘active’ son, 11, is branded ‘overweight’ in letter sent home by NHS which warned he could face health problems
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3943604/boy-11-overweight-nhs-letter/
4th July 2017, 1:49 pm
AN outraged mum slammed a "disgusting" letter from the NHS calling her active and healthy son "overweight".
Katy Mee was told her son Charlie was checked as part of the National Child and Measurement Programme and could face health problems in the future.
MEN MEDIA4 Charlie Mee and his mum Katy - who received a letter saying he was overweight
MEN MEDIA4 Charlie plays football every day and joins a daily family dog walk but was classed as overweight
The Year 6 pupil was found to be just over seven stone and therefore "overweight".
The result was sent to his parents from Bridgewater Community Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust and Bolton Council and not shared with school staff or the students.
However Katy, from Horwich, in Greater Manchester, showed it to her 11-year-old son and let him rip up the letter.
The 30-year-old told the Manchester Evening News: "We honestly thought it was laughable.
"It states in the letter that he could potentially suffer long term health complications due to him being overweight, it’s disgusting.
“It’s a sweeping statement that could lead to eating disorders, body image issues and all around confidence issues. I think the system needs re-evaluating.”
MEN MEDIA4 Katy, who lives with husband Chris and their two other sons, said they lead a healthy lifestyle and watch what they eat
MEN MEDIA4 The Year 6 pupil was found to be just over seven stone and therefore "overweight"
Charlie plays football at school and goes for a daily hour-long dog walk, longer at the weekend.
Katy, who lives with husband Chris and their two other sons, said they lead a healthy lifestyle and watch what they eat.
A spokesperson for Bridgewater Community Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust and Bolton Council apologised for any offence or upset caused.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Adding: “The letter aims to add to each parent’s awareness concerning their child’s health and lifestyle and to offer support and information about the NHS health services available locally. The NCMP measures the height and weight of school children in reception and Year 6 and is delivered by school nurses in Bolton.
“Each child’s weight is assessed alongside their age, height and sex to calculate their body mass index centile – recommended by NICE (National Institute of Clinical Excellence) as the best method to use. A letter is then sent to parents informing them of their child’s result.”

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.


