What do the stars have in store for you today?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/3775563/what-do-the-stars-have-in-store-for-you-today-178/
12th June 2017, 1:09 am
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
You’ll be all set to redesign your future with four seriously good ideas for home life. Mystery-solving Pluto helps you recognise the career that’s right for you – and  it’s a ­surprise.
Love-wise, you discover that a partner you can depend on increases the passion and fun in a relationship.
1
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
You may not see yourself as studious, but you’ll be drawn to learning new skills that speed work progress. With charming  Venus in your sign, colleagues and bosses should respond warmly.
Single?  Only get closer to a Virgo again if you want commitment. Involved? A shared ambition   is lucky.
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
You can handle a new situation at work by changing too. And home plans will benefit now you see that who you share your home with matters more than a fashionable location.
Single? A passion moon suggests you only socialise if you want to risk falling madly in love. Luck centres around an “R” name.
CANCER
June 22 to July 22
Maverick Pluto focuses on working partnerships and  though the person you team up with may seem a strange choice, it’s a lucky one.
Love-wise, the moon adds warmth to a ­relationship analysis and gives it a brighter future.
Single? A meeting  where your favourite food is served sparks romance.
LEO
July 23 to August 23
Persistence and renewed self-belief help you keep pitching an idea that’s entertaining and could be a commercial ­success.
If you’re single, Venus matches you with someone who has been busy building a career but is now ready to fall in love.
Settled couples  hear music that reignites passion.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
Take a moment to think about what matters most in a love relationship, then you’ll be able to make good choices.
Work-wise or with a community project, you have lots to offer so say “Yes” to a thrilling opportunity.
Hearing an ­audience cheer for your family  makes your day. Luck visits door 65.
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
Emotions and passions are already a good match but whether it’s a new or established relationship, sorting out the practical details will future-proof it.
Looking for love? A tough job, a kind heart and the initial D identify a potential partner. Success for a workmate can transform your working life.
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
You add shrewd business sense to creative ideas and the ­success benefits the whole family. People who have under- estimated you now want you on their team.
Love is puzzling when two different people invite you to the same movie. Already involved? A casual question  has a deep meaning.
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
As harmonious Venus travels across your wellbeing zone, you have a feelgood factor that attracts love. But just as important is the way you  get stubborn friends talking to each other again.
Clashing opinions about a work project  turn it into a success. Luck visits a street where the doors are different colours.
CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
Pluto, the planet of change, is turned on by the moon and the success you’ve been waiting for is on its way.
In matters of the heart, a wonderful friendship turns into true love – but do set aside time to explain your plans to the family. An event hosted by a sports star spins luck your way.
AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
Your work profile is dynamic and decisive as Mars gets a firmer grip on your job chart. An extra responsibility asks a lot of you but means you have more to gain.
The sun shines a light on prizes, the showbiz world and new romance. Focus on the one that matters the most to make it work as you want it to.
PISCES
February 19 to March 20
Venus reminds you that in a relationship, both of you must feel like winners. Talent gets you noticed but it’s the tenacious way you work at it that opens up opportunities.
Plans to give your home a makeover are imaginative but other people have to live with them, so talk things through first.

