Meet the 10 Ulster Unionists with their dated views on climate change, abortion and gay marriage with the Government in their hands
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3766613/dup-manifesto-promises-climate-abortion-gay-rights-coalition/
9th June 2017, 10:02 pm
TEN ULSTER unionists held the future of Theresa May’s entire government in their hands last night – as talks began over a Commons pact to give the PM a working majority.
Embattled Prime Minister confirmed she would look to form a “government of certainty” with the DUP in Northern Ireland after vowing to stay in No10.
PA:Press Association12 DUP leader Arlene Foster may demand concessions over Brexit as she prepares to work alongside Theresa May
The DUP won 10 seats in the province on Thursday night - giving them the critical role of “kingmaker” in the Commons.
Added to the Tories 318 seats, the two sides would have two more MPs than the minimum 326 required for a majority.
But critics immediately warned the DUP would demand a “king’s ransom” for Northern Ireland as the price of any deal.
Getty Images12 Theresa May failed to secure a working majority for the Tories
Getty Images12 The DUP won ten seats on Thursday - over half of the seats available in Northern Ireland
10 THINGS ABOUT THE D.U.P. YOU SHOULD KNOW

HE DUP is pro-Brexit but will not accept any deal re- instating a hard border with the Republic of Ireland.
THE party wants corporation tax cut from 19 per cent to 12.5 — well below the Tories’ aim of 17 per cent.
ITS manifesto vowed to retain the triple lock on the state pension, which guarantees a yearly rise of at least 2.5 per cent. The Tories promised only a double lock. The DUP also wants to keep universal winter fuel payments for the elderly, which the Conservatives have said will be subject to means testing.
ANOTHER DUP manifesto pledge was to scrap air passenger duty.
THE TV licence fee should be scrapped — and the BBC radically overhauled.
THE DUP opposes same-sex marriage. When its MP David Simpson voted against it in the UK Parliament in 2013 he said it was because the Bible talked about “Adam and Eve” not “Adam and Steve”.
THE party is also opposed to abortion.
ITS MP Sammy Wilson — the DUP’s former environment minister — is a climate change denier.
THE party’s former education spokesman Mervyn Storey once called for creationism to be taught alongside evolution in science classes.
A REVIEW of terror laws and a far-reaching defence shake-up are also among the party’s demands. It says these are needed because of “the emerging threats in the 21st Century”.


And they highlighted a string of the DUP’s controversial views – from being climate change deniers to opposing abortion and gay marriage.
It comes as Nigel Dodds, the DUP deputy leader, and Sir Jeffrey Donaldson, the party's chief whip, prepare to fly to London from Belfast to secure a deal.
In 2013 DUP MP Adam Simpson voted against gay marriage because it said “Adam and Eve” in the bible, not “Adam and Steve”.
A handful of MPs also called for the return of the death penalty in 2011.
DUP leader Arlene Foster has also spoken out against a ‘hard Brexit’ – and wants to maintain the triple lock and winter fuel payments for pensioners.
Soures claimed the DUP also wanted firm assurances that ex-squaddies and vets being investigated also a hated investigation into killings by the British army during the height of the ‘Troubles’ before confirming any ‘confidence and supply’ pact.
PA:Press Association12 Theresa May delivering her speech outside No10 on Friday
Getty Images12 Theresa May vowed she would stay in No10 - defying calls to step down
Getty Images12 Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn managed to pull off a successful election campaign
The Sun in December revealed all 302 killings by soldiers during 30 years of conflict in Northern Ireland are being investigated afresh – enraging the DUP and Tory Ministers.
Any vets prosecuted could face life sentences while former paramilitaries have escaped sanction under the Good Friday agreement.
One source said: “We don’t want to blackmail the Tories – but it’s something we’d like to see movement on. And we believe it would be a popular move throughout England.”
Insiders revealed senior DUP figures first spoke with the Tories on Thursday – when it emerged Labour were doing far better than anyone expected.
Tory chief whip Gavin Williamson was leading negotiations last night and into the weekend.
David McCormick12 The DUP's Sammy Wilson is a climate change denier
Crispin Rodwell12 DUP MP David Simpson voted against same-sex marriage in 2013
Veteran Northern Ireland commentator Brian Rowan yesterday said the DUP would also be concerned to seek concessions on Brexit and the repercussions on business and trade in the province.
And he said: “And I think another thing where they could find common ground is the question of ‘legacy’.
“There is a lot of concern about legacy investigations involving soldiers and police officers and I think the DUP and the Conservative Party will probably be having a conversation around that issue.”
Tory MP and former Army captain Johnny Mercer told the Sun: “We have to sort out Northern Ireland and end the exploitation of former UK servicemen and women.
AP:Associated Press12 It is thought the DUP will demand a king's ransom for Northern Ireland
“And sharing with the DUP may present opportunities to do that.”
Theresa May wooed the DUP by making reference to the party’s full Conservative and Unionist Party name in her speech in Downing Street yesterday.
She talked of joining with her DUP “friends” to “get to work” on Brexit.
And she referred to the “strong relationship” between the two parties.
“Our two parties have enjoyed a string relationship over many years.
“And this gives me the confidence to believe that we will be able to work together in the interests of the whole United Kingdom.”
MOST READ IN POLITICS ExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 
DUP leader Arlene Foster hinted at the price of any agreement first thing yesterday morning when she signalled she expected Theresa May could have to stand down completely.
At a press conference flanked by her 10 MPs yesterday she said her party would be entering talks with the Tories to explore “how it may it be possible to bring stability to our nation at this time of great challenge”.
She said: “Those who want to tear apart the Union that we cherish and benefit from so hugely have been sent a clear and resounding message.
“In the days and weeks ahead, it is that Union that will be to the forefront of our minds. The Union is our guiding star.”
Labour and Lib Dem figures leapt on the talks to point out how Theresa May was now forming her own ‘coalition of chaos’. And they made reference to the party’s controversial views on abortion and gay rights.

For all the analysis - Penny Smith from 8am
12
Call talkRADIO on 0344 499 1000 
Listen on DAB, via the talkRADIO app or online at talkradio.co.uk

Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson suggested she was opposed to any agreement by yesterday tweeting her speech about equal marriage at a Belfast ‘Pride’ event last year.
However, last night Davidson confirmed she has demanded a “categoric assurance” from Theresa May that under any deal with the DUP gay rights would be protected in Britain.
Ms Davidson said the Tories should be using their influence to advance gay rights in Northern Ireland - the only part of the UK where you can’t have same sex marriage.
In a strongly worded statement she said: “There are a number of things that count to me more than party. One of them is country and one of the others  is LGBT rights.”
Getty Images12 Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson has demanded 'categoric assurance' from Theresa May that the DUP will not force its gay right views on Britain
Earlier this week Sir Jeffrey Donaldson was forced to say the party would not accept an endorsement from a group backed by three main loyalist parliamentary organisations.
The Loyalist Communities Council had called for a maximum turnout by unionist voters.
Sir Jeffrey countered: “We don’t accept support from anyone who is engaged in paramilitary or criminal activity.”
Sinn Fein’s John O’Dowd claimed the Loyalists “use the UDA during the elections and the UDA use the DUP in government”.
Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams poured scorn on the anticipated arrangement and said: “History will show alliances between Ulster unionism and British unionism has always ended in tears.
“It is far better to look to our own place, to all of the people here, to deal with the people of this island, this part of the island as one community.”
Hung Picture
PA:Press Association12 DUP leader Arlene Foster with her party's newly-elected MPs
FOR a party to get a Commons majority, its MPs must win 326 of the 650 seats — otherwise it’s a hung parliament.
In that case, the leader of the party with the most seats can try to form a government. One option is a formal coalition, like in 2010 between the Tories and Lib Dems where they shared ministerial jobs and agenda.
The other is a more informal approach known as “confidence and supply”.
If the Tories fail to form an alliance, Jeremy Corbyn could try to strike a deal with the SNP, Lib Dems, nationalist parties from Northern Ireland and Greens.
Another General Election is possible if a proposed government cannot win enough support for its Queen’s Speech which maps out a legislative schedule.
THE RISKS OF A DEALTHERESA May has three main options for governing with the DUP, ranging from a full coalition to an informal arrangement that would see the parties haggle on each law. 
Most likely is a formal agreement with the DUP backing a Tory Queen’s Speech and Budget, with separate deals on new bills brought to Parliament.
This would let the PM get the basic functions of government through Parliament, but she would face Commons battles on all contentious legislation.
A coalition would mean at least one DUP Cabinet position.
A looser agreement for deals to be struck on a bill-by-bill process would mean Mrs May risking being unable to get any legislation through Parliament as she lacks enough MPs to guarantee it passing.
If the Tories failed to get a Queen’s Speech through, Mrs May would have to quit and give Labour the chance to form a government.
Jeremy Corbyn would have two weeks to pass a Queen’s Speech or there would be another General Election.


