Theresa May urges Labour and Ukip supporters to ‘believe in Britain’ and vote Tory today to build a fairer society
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3748963/theresa-may-urges-labour-and-ukip-supporters-to-believe-in-britain-and-vote-tory-to-build-a-fairer-society/
7th June 2017, 10:00 pm
THERESA MAY today urges patriotic Labour and UKIP supporters to “believe in Britain” and vote Tory for the first time in a passionate eve-of-election rallying cry.
Flanked by her entire Cabinet, the PM asked wavering voters to back her in the “national interest” and prevent a doomsday scenario of Jeremy Corbyn grabbing the keys to power.
EPA7 The PM asked wavering voters to back her in the 'national interest' and prevent a Jeremy Corbyn government
She vowed to reignite Britain’s spirit, deliver Brexit and build the “greatest meritocracy in the world”.
“I believe in Britain and I believe in the British people,” she said. “We can come together and build a Britain where nobody and no community is left behind.”
She added: “If we get Brexit right we can build a Britain that is more prosperous and more secure.
“I want to us to reignite the British spirit, to show the opportunities ahead of us and what we can be as a country.
Getty Images7 She vowed to reignite Britain’s spirit, deliver Brexit and build the 'greatest meritocracy in the world'

MOST READ IN ELECTION 2017THE ODD COUPLING Meet the 10 Ulster Unionists with dated views on abortion and gay marriage who will prop up the Tory Government 'OBSESSED WITH INDEPENDENCE' Moment Scottish nurse savages Nicola Sturgeon for SNP's under-funding of the NHS while pushing for a second indy referendum STILL ON THE CARDS Have you lost your polling card? This is what you should do to vote in today's general election 
“A Britain in which prosperity and opportunity is shared by all. A Britain where it’s not where you come from or who your parents are that matter, but the talent you have and how hard you are prepared to work.
“This is the prize if we get Brexit right.
“So if like me you believe in Britain … then fix your sights on the future and given me your backing.”
The final pitch to 800 supporters in Solihull, Birmingham came at the end of an exhaustive day of campaigning where the PM criss-crossed England in a 600-mile dash for votes.
The PM warned that it would only take SIX Tory losses tomorrow to see Jeremy Corbyn in No.10 and John McDonnell running the Treasury.
PA:Press Association7 The PM warned that it would only take SIX Tory losses tomorrow to see Jeremy Corbyn in No.10

And she warned the catastrophic combo would “wreck” the economy – clobbering ordinary working families.
Boris Johnson introduced the PM at the Midlands rally and highlighted how the entire Cabinet was behind the PM while 170 of Labour’s own MPs wanted Jeremy Corbyn out.
Writing in The Sun, he warns voters appear to be forgetting Jeremy Corbyn’s lifelong sympathy with a long line of dangerous causes from the IRA to CND.
He says: “ I sometimes feel that a kind of mushy minded amnesia has overwhelmed us.”
Getty Images7 The PM was flagged by her Cabinet as she made her final plea to wavering voters
And in his own plea to voters he writes: “It’s about who is really prepared to stick up for this country when the chips are down.
“It’s about which of the two – Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn – is really willing to stand up for Britain.”
Theresa May visited four key constituencies today as the Tories sought to boot out Labour and win a majority when the polls open tomorrow.
After heading out with her husband Philip to London’s Smithfield Meat Market at the crack of dawn, the pair headed to Southampton Test - where Labour’s Alan Whitehead has a majority of 3,810.
She then flew to Norwich in a bid to support Lana Hempsall against Labour leadership contender Clive Lewis.
Getty Images7 She headed out with her husband Philip to London’s Smithfield Meat Market at the crack of dawn

Before the evening rally in Birmingham, a traditional Labour heartland, the PM met shopworkers in Nottingham South, currently held by Labour’s Lilian Greenwood.
During the tour of the Dunelm Mill furnishings store she urged the female assistants to vote – to fight back against terrorists by showing “our democracy is not deterred”.
She added: “Women died so that women could vote.”
Tory sources insisted the party was confident of winning key seats across the Midlands and the North-East.
Getty Images7 Before the evening rally in Birmingham, a traditional Labour heartland, the PM met shopworkers in Nottingham South

But they admitted there were signs some Labour voters furious with Jeremy Corbyn were having second thoughts about switching to the Conservatives.
Asked by the Sun if she had a message for working class families, Mrs May urged them to trust her to “set the direction” of the country for generations to come.
She said the voters she wanted to win over today were no different to those she met when she first stood for Parliament in North-West Durham in the 1992 Election 25 years ago.
Challenged to give a message to Labour voters, she said: “I would say to them that I think many are the sort of people I met when I stood in North-West Durham some years ago.
Getty Images7 Boris Johnson also gave a rousing speech as he urged the country to unite behind The Conservatives

“People who are fiercely patriotic, who are very proud of their part of the country, who want to see good jobs for their children, who want their children to get a good quality education, who want public services to be there to support them when they need it.
“And it’s the Conservative party that will build that strong economy, that will create more jobs more better paid jobs.”
She added: “I would say to people it’s not a question of how they have voted before, it’s a question of who they want to see taking this country through not just the next five years but setting the direction of this country for the future.”

