Theresa May pledges to deliver on Brexit by ploughing £25bn into boosting Britain’s homes and roads
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3747934/theresa-may-pledges-to-deliver-on-brexit-by-ploughing-25bn-into-boosting-britains-homes-and-roads/
7th June 2017, 5:45 pm
THERESA MAY yesterday vowed to plough more than £25billion of taxpayers’ cash on housing, transport and helping firms in every corner of the country in a bumper Brexit dividend.
The PM said cash ‘repatriated’ from Brussels after the UK leaves the EU would be invested in a whopping national productivity fund.
PA:Press Association3 Theresa May today pledged to deliver on the promise of Brexit
The money will also fund an expansion of the British Business Bank with new regional officers opening in Birmingham, Bristol, Cambridge, Edinburgh, Manchester and Newport.
And the PM confirmed plans for a ‘Shared Prosperity Fund’ to reduce “inequalities” between communities across England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Theresa May said: “A year ago, the British people voted for a brighter future outside the European Union.
Getty Images3 The Prime Minister has been touring the country with her husband Philip
“My plan to deliver that brighter future will make sure all four corners of our United Kingdom benefit from the opportunities Brexit will bring – with more jobs, more homes, better roads and railways and world class digital connectivity wherever you live.”
The National Productivity Fund was first announced last year by the Chancellor – when he detailed plans for the biggest investment in Britain’s railways since Victorian times.
Tory sources last night said the PM’s comments proved her commitment to “fulfilling the promise” of Brexit.
EPA3 Boris Johnson has also promised to unlock money from leaving the EU
Foreign Secretary and Brexit champion Boris Johnson last week infuriated pro-EU activists by repeating his claim Britain will have £350million a week to spend once we leave the EU.
Speaking at the Sun Talks leaders debate, he told the audience the Tories would be able to “take back control of huge sums”.
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 
And he said: “How much is it a week that we can take back control of? £350million a week.
“If you think it’s mythical, then you risk voting for a party that will not take back control of huge sums.”

