Australian Kirsty Boden, 28, named as third London Bridge attack victim – a heroic nurse who ran TOWARDS danger to help victims
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3721698/kirsty-was-loved-and-adored-by-her-family-friends-and-boyfriend-she-was-the-most-outgoing-kind-and-generous-person-who-loved-to-help-people-helping-people-was-what-she-loved-to-do-in-her/
6th June 2017, 11:00 am
AUSSIE health worker Kirsty Boden has today been confirmed as the third victim of the London Bridge terror attack as her family issued a heartbreaking tribute to the "brave" and "heroic" expat.
The 28-year-old had been living in the UK for some time after moving from Loxton, South Australia, and was killed when she ran towards danger to try and save others.
Facebook51 Kirsty was a health worker who moved to the UK from South Australia
Facebook51 Kirsty Boden had rushed forwards to try to help other people caught up in the chaos
They released a photo of their smiling daughter holding sunflowers and released this statement: "Kirsty was loved and adored by her family, friends and boyfriend.
"She was the most outgoing, kind and generous person who loved to help people. Helping people was what she loved to do in her job as a nurse and in her daily life.
"As she ran towards danger, in an effort to help people on the bridge, Kirsty sadly lost her life.
"We are so proud of Kirsty’s brave actions which demonstrate how selfless, caring and heroic she was, not only on that night, but throughout all of her life. Kirsty – we love you and we will miss you dearly.
"We will not be making any further comments on this tragedy and ask everyone, especially the media, to give us the privacy we need to grieve away from the public eye."
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Local reports had suggested Kirsty was the suspected forth Australian victim of the attacks. Her compatriot Sara Zelenak remains unaccounted for, while Candice Hedge and Andrew Morrison were found to be recovering from serious injuries.
Earlier, South Australian Premier Jay Weatherill said it is for the Department of Foreign Affairs to “confirm the matter and to identify the particular Australian citizen that we’re gravely concerned about”.
“We’re putting in place all the appropriate measures to support the families that are associated with this particular notification", he added.
Kirsty's employer, The Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust, said she worked as a staff nurse in a recovery theatre at Guy's Hospital.
Twitter51 The 28-year-old has been remembered as 'one in a million'
She is thought to have been treated at Guy’s sister hospital St Thomas’ — where many of the seriously hurt were taken — but her injuries were too severe.
Dame Eileen Sills, Chief Nurse, said: "As the Chief Nurse of Guy’s and St Thomas’ I cannot put into words how sad I am that we have lost one of our own.
"Kirsty was an outstanding nurse and a hugely valued member of the staff team in Theatres Recovery, described by her colleagues as ‘one in a million’ who always went the extra mile for the patients in her care.
"Our thoughts at this time are with her family, her loved ones and our staff who have lost a dear friend and colleague."
Kirsty had become an adopted Londoner after moving to the UK from her family home in Loxton, South Australia.
PA:Press Association51 Kirsty's family today paid tribute to the outgoing expat
 
The high school graduate studied nursing at Flinders University in Adelaide and had spent the past five years studying and working in this country.
She was determined to follow the career path of her mum Tina, who has worked in elderly care.
School friend Aiden Lipacis said it would have been Kirsty’s first instinct to help those injured in the attacks.
He said: “She’d help anyone out. I went to primary school with her, she was a brilliant kid.
“I think she went to the UK for a holiday but she liked it that much she went and moved there.
“You don’t expect someone to go overseas for work and get killed trying to help someone else as part of your job.”
Professor Jane Cummings, Chief Nursing Officer for England, said: “I am deeply saddened to hear that
Kirsty Boden has been named as a victim of Saturday’s terrorist atrocity.
“My thoughts are with Kirsty’s family and friends, as well as her colleagues at Guy’s Hospital and the rest of the trust, through this unimaginably difficult time.
Caters News Agency51 Kirsty pictured outside the famous Cavern Club in Liverpool
“The people responsible for this heinous act showed a callous and indiscriminate disregard for human life.
“In contrast, Kirsty truly epitomised the values of nursing, of public service and the compassion we associate with the NHS.”
Danny Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, said: “We are devastated to hear the NHS has lost one of its own.
“Our thoughts go out to everyone who knew Kirsty.
“It is truly humbling that bright, hard-working people like Kirsty were brave enough to run towards danger in aid of victims lying helpless on the bridge following such a barbaric attack.”
And Niall Dickson, chief executive of the NHS Confederation, which represents health service organisations across England, Wales and Northern Ireland, said: “The NHS family will be paying a special tribute to one of its own, Kirsty Boden.
“Her courage and selflessness reflect all that is best about the NHS.”
DoyouBuzz51 Alexandre Pigeard, 27, also died in the terror attack, according to French media
This afternoon French waiter Alexandre Pigeard, 27, was also named as a victim by French media.
The 27-year-old, from Colleville-Montgomery, in Normandy, was slashed in the throat by the terrorists as they rampaged through the market.
And the devastated sister of James McMullan - who was tragically killed in the London Bridge terror attack - has paid a heartbreaking tribute to her "inspirational" brother.
James, from Hackney, East London, was named as a victim by his grieving sister Melissa, who said: "Words will never be able to match his essence."
James was last seen at the Barrowboy and Banker pub on Borough High Street shortly before the attack at 10.08pm.
Breaking down in tears, Melissa told Sky News: "This morning we received news from police that my brother's bank card was found on one of the bodies from Saturday night's brutal attack but they are unable to formally identify him until the coroner's report begins tomorrow."
Facebook51 James McMullan was outside the Barrowboy and Banker pub when the attack happened
51 Grieving Melissa paid tribute to her brother James live on Sky News
She added: "We would like to thank the emergency services who did their utmost to serve and protect the population of London from these deranged and deluded individuals.
"While our pain will never diminish it is important for us to all carry on with our lives in direct opposition to those who have tried to destroy us and remember that hatred is the refuge of small-minded individuals and will only breed more. This is not a cause we will follow despite our loss."
Melissa paid an emotional tribute to her "generous and caring" brother, adding: "Nowhere else will you find such humour and unique personality."

On Saturday night, James stepped outside for a cigarette and had agreed to meet pals outside when they finished their drinks.
His friends were rushed upstairs to safety when the attack began but James is thought to have been killed by the trio of fanatics outside.
His dad Simon also paid tribute to his "exceptional" son, who worked as an internet entrepreneur.
He said: "At this point in time the subject is too raw.
"I'm just going to try to keep the business that he was doing alive.
"He was working on it for two years."
Facebook51 James' sister shared desperate appeals for information
James was working on a web-based business to “revolutionise education”, according to his father, 61.
Simon added: "He was on the verge of signing his first contract, a $1.5million (£1.2million) deal.
"It will radically change the face of education – I am going to continue his work. My son really was an exceptional man."
He added the family would be issuing a further statement at a later date.
The first victim was named as Christine "Chrissy" Archibald, who died in her fiancé’s arms as she was struck by the killers on the bridge.
She was described as someone who “believed strongly that every person was to be valued and respected”.

CKNW51 Canadian charity worker Christine Archibald was named as the first victim of the attack
Facebook51 She died in fiance Tyler Ferguson's arms after being struck by the terrorists on London Bridge

The 30-year-old, originally from Castlegar, British Columbia, was in London for the weekend with her fiancé, Tyler Ferguson.
Her devastated family confirmed she died in her husband-to-be's arms after she was hit by the terrorists on London Bridge.
The tragic bride-to-be's sister, Cassie Ferguson, told Canadian broadcaster CBC News: "He is broken into a million pieces. He held her and watched her die in his arms."
Twitter51 Christine used to work in a shelter for the homeless
Twitter51 The 30-year-old was the first victim of the attack named
51 Nearly 50 people were injured after the attack on Saturday night
51 The terrorists stormed Borough Market and began slashing at revellers
His brother, Mark, added that the couple had been living in the Netherlands for the last six months.
He said: "They were very madly in love and had quite the plans for the future.
"[It's] obviously very, very devastating for him. The love of his life has just been ripped away from him."
It has been confirmed seven people died in the atrocity, with just Christine and James named so far. 
Twenty-one people are currently critically injured in the wake of the attack that saw men charge through crowds, stabbing people at random.
It comes as Christine's family also revealed she used to work in a shelter for the homeless before deciding to move to Europe to be with her fiancé.
They urged members of the public to volunteer their time and labour or donate to a homeless shelter, saying: “Tell them Chrissy sent you.”
51 The sick jihadis are seen strolling through Borough Market seconds before they launched a stabbing rampage
51 The attackers would be shot dead by armed police minutes after this footage was taken
51 Three men - two lying in the background - believed to be the terrorists pictured dead after being shot by police
Reuters51 Stunned bystanders being marched by police with their hands in the air, amid fears the terrorists could have been trying to mingle with them
A family statement said: “We grieve the loss of our beautiful, loving daughter and sister.
"She had room in her heart for everyone and believed strongly that every person was to be valued and respected.
“She lived this belief working in a shelter for the homeless until she moved to Europe to be with her fiancé. She would have had no understanding of the callous cruelty that caused her death.
"Please honour her by making your community a better place. Volunteer your time and labour or donate to a homeless shelter. Tell them Chrissy sent you."
Reacting to the news of Christine Archibald's death, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau condemned the senseless attack.
He said: “I am heartbroken that a Canadian is among those killed.
“We grieve with the families and friends of those who have lost loved ones, and wish all those injured a speedy and full recovery.
“Londoners and people across the United Kingdom have always displayed strength and resilience in the face of adversity.
“We recently witnessed this after the attacks in Manchester and in the Westminster area of London.
“This time will be no different.
"These hateful acts do not deter us; they only strengthen our resolve. Canadians stand united with the British people.
“We will continue to work together with the United Kingdom and all our allies to fight terrorism and bring perpetrators to justice.”
Getty Images51 A police officer comforts an emotional woman at the scene of the attack on Sunday
51 The white van used in the deadly attack is removed by authorities on Sunday
Getty Images51 Ambulances in the London Bridge area during the horror on Saturday night

WHAT WE KNOW SO FAR:

ISIS has claimed responsibility after a van ploughed through pedestrians on London Bridge just after 10pm on Saturday
Three jihadists wearing fake bomb vests began knifing bystanders and pub-goers
Staff at one pub barricaded the doors as the attackers tried to storm the building before the three terrorists were shot dead
At least seven victims were killed and 48 people were injured with 32 - 15 critical - still being cared for in hospitals across London
Four cops including British Transport Police officer among those injured
The first three victims have been named as Canadian national Christine Archibald, a charity worker from British Columbia, James McMullan, 32, from Hackney, east London, and Aussie nurse Kirsty Boden, 28, who worked at Guy's hospital
Theresa May has confirmed the terror threat level will remain at 'severe'
Cops raid block of flats in Barking, East London, reportedly home to one of the attackers, and arrest 12 as well as sealing off East Ham flat - they have since been released without charge. Another man, 27, was arrested in Barking on Tuesday morning and remains in custody
Police appealed for witnesses to send images and videos to help identify the attackers and piece together the chaos
The Met opened a casualty bureau for those concerned about family and friends. There are two numbers to call: 0800 096 1233 and 020 7158 0197
All the main political parties aside from UKIP suspended campaigning but have since resumed it as Mrs May confirmed the election will go ahead
One Love Manchester Concert goes ahead as youngsters refuse to let terrorists stop them attending
Sick ISIS thugs celebrated attack and called for more atrocities
London Bridge Underground and National Rail stations re-opened on Monday
Gunfire heard in Dagenham as heavily-armed cops detain several people during raids linked to the attack
Families have shared desperate appeals for information to find loved ones still missing after the atrocity with a nanny and Frenchman among those who vanished
The attackers have been named as 22-year-old Moroccan-Italian named as  Youssef Zaghba, Khuram Butt, who starred in Channel 4 show The Jihadis Next Door, and pastry chef Rachid Redouane, 30.


Did you see the London Bridge terror attack, or know anyone involved? Please contact The Sun newsdesk on 020 7782 4100, text 07423720250 or email exclusive@the-sun.co.uk

Reuters51 Police descended on London Bridge after the attack
51
51 A picture of the van used in the deadly terror attack which left seven innocent people dead in the London Bridge area


The French government has said at least one of its nationals died in the horror attack.
The victim was named locally as 27-year-old Alexandre from Saint-Malo in Brittany.
His brave bar manager friend reportedly watched the Frenchman get stabbed in the neck before he returned to help 40 people to safety.
His mother, Marie-Jo, said Vincent Le Berre and his colleagues at Boro Bistro had been trained in how to deal with a terrorist attack prior to Saturday night's atrocity.
She told local newspaper Le Telegramme: "Two days ago, Vincent and his colleagues were trained to know the instructions in case of a terrorist attack.
"This explains why he returned to the scene of the drama and put 40 people in safety in the bar.
"After the police arrived and the evacuation, he spent the night with five of his colleagues, like him, very shocked. Since then, I have not been able to reach him."
Alexandre is believed to have lived in the UK for the past two and a half years.
PA:Press Association51 A victim being treated on a stretcher following the terror attack on London Bridge
The nation’s foreign minister, Jean-Yves Lee Drian, said a further seven victims are in hospital, with four seriously injured.
One French national remains missing.
French officials have given little information about the victims involved in the attack.
Reports have circulated one of the wounded French nationals was stabbed in the neck and back.
Medics reportedly battled for several hours operating on her after she was taken to a London hospital.
Another French citizen is believed to have sustained serious injuries to her legs when she was hit by the van terrorists used to mow down pedestrians on London Bridge.
Newly-elected President Emmanuel Macron has spoken with the victims' families.
His office confirmed the President told the families of his "affection" for them, and said France is united behind them.
He also said he would do whatever was necessary to help them.
A man stabbed four times in the London Bridge terror attack has been praised as a "soldier" by his friends.
Brett Freeman was pictured in his hospital bed after the horrific knife and van rampage that saw seven killed and almost 50 injured.
His pal Darren found out about his friend in the hours after the attack, saying: "Just woke up to find a friend of mine stabbed 4 times in the #LondonBridge terror attack."
He later added: "He's a soldier."
New Zealand officials have confirmed Kiwi national Oliver Dowling is among the wounded.
The 32-year-old, from Christchurch, has already undergone four hours of surgery and is currently in an induced coma.
Dowling’s girlfriend, Marie Bondeville, was also injured in the carnage.
A Spainard who confronted one of the London terrorists as he stabbed a woman near Borough Market has gone missing.
Facebook51 Oliver Dowling and girlfriend Marie Bondeville were injured in the horror, with Dowling currently in an induced coma
Facebook51 Heartbreaking statement ... Dowling's sister took to social media to inform friends and family her brother was stable
51 Ignacio Echeverria has not been seen since Saturday night
51 The HSBC worker was last seen on London Bridge
HSBC bank worker Ignacio Echeverria’s family say they have been unable to contact him since Saturday night.
The 39-year-old, from Las Rozas near Madrid, is understood to have been on his way home after skating in a park with friends when he tried to save the unidentified woman’s life.
He is one of many missing following the atrocity on Saturday night.


Among those who vanished is nanny Sara Zelenak and Frenchman Xavier Thomas.
Twitter51 Australian national Candice Hedge was injured in the attack, and took to Facebook to tell friends and family she is 'OK'
Twitter51 The 31-year-old was stabbed in the neck in the attack
Australian Candice recently wrote on Facebook: “Hey everyone, just so you know I’m doing OK. Bit of pain but I will survive.”
A second Australian travelling in London, Andrew, told how he narrowly avoided death by “ducking and dodging” after being stabbed in the neck by one of the London Bridge terrorists.
Holding a bloodied bandage to his throat, he said: “I walked outside, walked across the road and a fight breaks out and I’m like ‘s*** what’s going on here?’
“I start to walk towards it and all of a sudden a guy comes up to me with a knife, I duck it, he stabs me and I push him off, blood is going everywhere.


Streamable51 Andrew narrowly avoided death by 'ducking and dodging' after being stabbed in the neck by one of the London Bridge terrorists
“He got me, but I dodged it. I ducked and weaved.”
The Aussie had been enjoying his final night in London by watching the UEFA Champions League grand final at Belushi’s in London Bridge before being caught up in the carnage.
 
Sunday Express business editor Geoff Ho was also caught up in the attack.
The editor was filmed staggering from the scene at London bridge after being stabbed in the throat when he went to help an injured bouncer.
Daily Express editor, Martin Townsend, has described Ho as a "fine and decent man" in the wake of the attack.
He said he was "hoping and praying for a speedy recovery".

Facebook51 Journalist Geoff Ho was snapped clutching his neck as he staggered through London on Saturday night
Facebook51 The Express editor said he didn't know whether it was 'stupid or noble' to wade in to the carnage as the events unfolded around him
Facebook51 The editor is currently in intensive care at a London hospital


51 Daniel’s mum Elizabeth branded her son’s attackers ‘barbaric’ and ‘absolute cowards’
Brit Elizabeth O’Neill told the BBC her son Daniel, 23, suffered a seven-inch cut from his stomach to his back after he was caught up in the terror near Borough Market.
He is currently recovering in hospital.
One person is being treated in hospital after being caught in the crossfire between cops and the terror suspects.
The Metropolitan Police's Assistant Commissioner, Mark Rowley, confirmed a member of the public is in recovery after accidentally being shot.
He had just stepped outside the bar for a second and a man ran up to him and said 'this is for my family, this is for Islam' and put a knife in himElizabeth O'Neill 
Three cops and a British Transport Police officer were both seriously injured in Saturday night’s attack.
An unnamed source told Sky News that one of the officers “took on all terrorists until he was forced to the ground”.
Spanish officials have confirmed one Spanish national was injured in the attack, but is not in a life-threatening condition.
Germany's interior ministry has confirmed two German nationals were hurt in the carnage, one seriously.
Bystanders have been praised for their determination to help those injured.
Three terrorists were killed by cops, with the fatal shots fired in just eight minutes.
The three-strong gang wearing fake suicide vests were shot dead by armed police after inflicting eight minutes of terror on crowds enjoying a summer's evening in the capital.
The PM delivered a firm warning to those who harbour extremists in what looked like a turning point in terror policy on Sunday after the latest terror attack struck in the heart of London.
Following the third terrorist attack in three months Theresa May defiantly confirmed Thursday's General Election will go ahead and issued a warning to jihadis and those who harbour them as she said "things need to change".
She confirmed on Monday that the terror threat level will remain at 'severe' - meaning an attack is highly likely - and said all three attackers have been identified.
London News Pictures51 Armed police are seen near London Bridge after reports of an incident involving a vehicle and pedestrians



Did you see the London Bridge terror attack, or know anyone involved? Please contact The Sun newsdesk on 020 7782 4100, text 07423720250 or email exclusive@the-sun.co.uk

ISIS has claimed responsibility for the depraved attack in London Bridge as chilling video shows three jihadis calmly strolling past a pub while in the midst of the van and knife rampage that killed seven and critically injured 21.
The twisted killers are seen calmly walking through Borough Market moments before they launched a stabbing attack on pubgoers while shouting "this is for Allah", having already driven a van into crowds.
Shortly after May's statement Home Secretary Amber Rudd confirmed that police believe they have "all the main perpetrators" and are confident they were radical Islamic terrorists.
51 ISIS affiliated news agency Amaq tweeted out this statement in Arabic claiming the terror group was responsible for the attack
BACKGRID51 An injured person lies on the ground following Saturday night's atrocity
Getty Images51 A girl wipes away a tear as she visits the scene of Saturday night's atrocity
Echoing the PM's words on Sunday, Boris Johnson said "the wells of tolerance are running empty."
The Foreign Secretary and former London Mayor said: "Today we collectively resolve to beat the terrorists and their nihilistic creed.
"To those who sympathise or encourage or harbour or aid or abet these killers - in any way - we say enough is enough.
"Your time is up. The wells of tolerance are running empty. We will not let you disrupt our lives or our democracy.
"In the week of this general election millions of people need to hear the arguments on either side. They cannot have that fundamental right taken away by terrorists."
The Muslim Council of Britain has responded to May's comments. Secretary general Harun Rashid told the BBC the council would be launching a campaign with mosques to encourage the reporting of suspicious activity.
He said: "We are ready to have those difficult conversations, as equal citizens with an equal stake in this fight."
Getty Images51 People leave flowers in London Bridge on Sunday as cops comb the area for evidence
Getty Images51 Londoners return to the area of Saturday night's attacks to lay flowers
Reuters51 Sombre Londoners have been taking flowers to the scene of the attack


Confirming the death toll had risen to seven, Met Police Commissioner Cressida Dick praised the "extraordinary courage" of brave passers-by who stepped in to help those injured in Saturday night's atrocity.
Commissioner Dick said: "Many, many people risked their own safety to help others and treat those seriously injured and to indeed confront the suspects involved.
"It's clear to me the courage of those people during and following this attack was extraordinary."
Mayor of London Sadiq Khan has announced a vigil will be held at 6pm on Monday in Potters Fields Park with a minute's silence at 6.20pm.

RELATED STORIES: 

Bloodied victims of London Bridge terror attack hid in Borough Market pub, video footage shows
Hero rugby player cop took on all THREE machete-wielding terrorists as they attacked innocent victims and continued fighting with just a baton until the savage trio stabbed him in the face
London Bridge attack victim stabbed in throat with 12-inch hunting knife – but survived when blade missed major artery
Sick ISIS thugs celebrate London Bridge terror attack that has left seven dead and dozens injured
Donald Trump slams London mayor Sadiq Khan and calls on people to ‘stop being politically correct’ after London Bridge terror attack
London Bridge attack cabbie tells of hero who ‘saved 20 lives’ using her body to barricade restaurant door, blocking terrorist
Horror of London Bridge attack as woman cradles horrifically injured lover pleading ‘Don’t let those f****** get away with it’
British cops in balaclavas and carrying assault rifles take to the capital’s streets after London Bridge terror attack
Bystander ‘shot in the head’ and killed as London Bridge attack terror cops open fire on three knifemen
London Bridge attack terrorist’s Barking flat raid sees armed cops arrest 12 people including women
London Bridge attack was revenge for RAF’s ‘love from Manchester’ airstrike say sick ISIS supporters who post taunting picture of the inscribed RAF bomb
Moment armed police swarm east London and aim their guns up into flat as captial on alert after London Bridge terror attack
London terror attack photographer who took dramatic pic of jihadists being gunned down relives moment he came within feet of knife maniacs
How the London Bridge terror attack unfolded leaving seven dead and dozens critically injured
LIVE BLOG: London Bridge attack latest live updates – Cops confirm three terrorists shot dead after jihadis kill seven and hurt 48


Whitehall officials have told the BBC it is too early to confirm if the attackers were "subjects of interest" known to MI5 or cops.
Police have arrested 12 people including several women in burkas in a dramatic raid on a block of flats in Barking, east London, believed to be home to at least one of the attackers.
A second flat in East Ham was raided with witnesses saying two suspects were dragged away and put into police vans as snipers were poised from across the road - but cops have yet to confirm if this was related to the attack.
Investigators have also confirmed that seven women have been arrested in connection with the twisted assault.
Detectives were still investigating whether the assailants acted alone, and Mark Rowley, head of national counter-terrorism policing, said their identities would be released "as soon as operationally possible".
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said he was "shocked and horrified" by the attacks and praised the emergency services.
He also has dramatically U-turned on his long-held concerns over gun cops’ shoot-to-kill policy in light of the senseless attack.
Corbyn said police must have “full authority” to use “whatever force is necessary to protect and save life”.


@jo55adams51 The white van responsible for the 'attack' surrounded by multiple police vehicles
51 A scared little girl holds on to a woman with armed cops watching on in the UK capital
MagicmomentsUK51 Armed police help a victim who is being stretchered into an ambulance
Chris Eades51 Armed cops put on a display of strength at London Bridge on Sunday
PA:Press Association51 Floral tributes started to be left close to the scene in London Bridge on Sunday
PA:Press Association51 Police arrested 12 people in a raid on a Barking flat on Sunday
A picture taken outside the Wheatsheaf pub in Borough Market shows the three terrorists lying dead - after being gunned down by cops.
One of the twisted attackers was pictured wearing an Arsenal football strip from the 2011/12 season.
Witness Erick Siguenza told BBC News that one of the gang screamed “This is for Allah” as he went on a stabbing rampage in the busy central London streets.
The gang had metal canisters strapped to their chests which police chief Rowley confirmed were hoax suicide vests.
Former intelligence chief Richard Kemp says it's time to 'take the gloves off' and calls for every cop to be armedFROM looking at what’s going on it looks likely the government wouldn’t have had intelligence.
The reality is that even an attack which involves knives is hard for the government to get information about, because it doesn’t require much preparation.
There is obviously a direct link to previous ISIS attacks that have been carried out, either at the direction of ISIS or being inspired by ISIS but also, the timing of these attacks is related to two things – one is Ramadan.
During Ramadan we always expect to see a higher level of violence from ISIS and we’ve seen that around the world, and now in London.
The other thing is the election; carrying out an attack during an election period gives ISIS fighters credit.
It’s very likely the people involved will have been known and the way to deal with it therefore is to get rid of similar people before they carry attacks like these out in future.
We can do that by deporting people who are not British citizens and who are known to be terrorists, by detaining those who are and by excluding those who are ISIS fighters returning from Iraq and Syria.
I’m not confident the government will do this.
I don’t know if any politician in the UK will do that – they will in due course, because if they don’t these attacks will continue and they’ll have to.
But for right now, the most likely thing is we’ll see the threat level increase, more armed troops and police as an immediate measure.
I doubt it would have made any difference if the national threat level had remained at critical.
That being said, the elements of it being critical which included military forces and additional police should be reverted because it allows for quicker reactions.
We need to consider that this level of threat is going to continue for some time.
We should be convicting people involved in radicalisation. It’s time to take the gloves off and hit very, very hard now.
We need to detain, export and exclude terrorists.
We also need to have every cop in this country armed, which gives us a greater chance of having an immediate response.
There was very quick response here, but that’s due to proximity to the scene, which unfortunately doesn’t apply everywhere.

Following the rampage four explosions - confirmed as controlled blasts by the police - were heard outside The Sun offices near London Bridge between 1:23am and 1:49am.
At least two cops were injured including a British Transport Police officer who was stabbed in the face by the sick extremists - the officer's injuries are not life threatening.
Another of the cops injured was a rugby player who armed with just a baton took on the three knife-wielding terrorists as he battled to help innocent victims.
Met police have confirmed that the attacks in London Bridge and Borough Market were "terror incidents", with Amber Rudd adding that a connection to the Manchester Attack is unlikely but can not be ruled out.


51 Officers are pictured treating a woman believed to have suffered a fit in London Bridge

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.



