Theresa May will call on Leave voters to let her ‘fulfil the promise of Brexit’ as she urges UK to back Tories
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3694858/theresa-may-will-call-on-leave-voters-to-let-her-fulfil-the-promise-of-brexit-as-she-urges-uk-to-back-tories/
1st June 2017, 1:25 am
THERESA May will today call on all Leave voters to let her “fulfil the promise of Brexit” by backing the Tories a week today.
Delivering a major speech to mark seven days to polling day, the PM will paint an upbeat vision of Britain’s future “free from the shackles” of Brussels.
Getty Images5 The PM will insist that only the Conservatives can deliver what Leavers voted for
The opportunities outside of the EU are “enormous”, she will insist.
But only the Conservatives can deliver what Leavers voted for, Mrs May will insist.
Tory election chiefs believe the 52% of Brits who voted Leave in the landmark referendum 12 months ago are key to the general election’s outcome.
PA:Press Association5 Tory election chiefs believe the 52% of Brits who voted Leave are key to the General Election’s outcome

MOST READ IN ELECTION 2017THE ODD COUPLING Meet the 10 Ulster Unionists with dated views on abortion and gay marriage who will prop up the Tory Government 'OBSESSED WITH INDEPENDENCE' Moment Scottish nurse savages Nicola Sturgeon for SNP's under-funding of the NHS while pushing for a second indy referendum STILL ON THE CARDS Have you lost your polling card? This is what you should do to vote in today's general election 
The final seven days of the campaign will see the PM mount an all-out assault to persuade UKIP, Labour and even Lib Dem Brexiteers to defect over to her.
That even means treating the fast approaching poll on June 8 as a re-run of last summer’s referendum vote, the PM will insist.
Speaking in the North East – which voted overwhelmingly for Brexit – Mrs May will tell Leavers it is “time to act on their decision” and “deliver their will”.
She will argue: “We are now 12 months on from the EU referendum.
PA:Press Association5 The PM will try and persuade Ukip, Labour and even Lib Dem Brexiteers to defect over to her

“And in one week’s time, they have the opportunity to affirm that decision and secure that brighter future by voting for me to continue as Prime Minister.
“We can fulfil the promise of Brexit together and build a Britain that is stronger, fairer and even more prosperous than it is today.
“Because the promise of Brexit is great, the opportunities before us enormous”.
As well as making the country “a great, global trading nation once again”, Brexit is also a chance for a major national renewal internally.
The PM will say: “As we come together behind this great national mission, we will build a more united country as our shared values, interests and aspirations bring us together”.
Reuters5 May came under pressure for failing to appear on the leaders' debate
She will also say that means “making the most of every talent and ensure no person or community is left behind”.
Allying her personal ambitions with the vision, Mrs May will insist that is “what motivates me to do what I do and put myself at the service of ordinary working people”.
Brexit will again become the central issue in the election campaign today, as Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn also makes at speech on Britain’s future outside the EU today under a Labour government.
Later tomorrow, Mrs May will ram home her plea by campaigning in a Midlands seat always traditionally held by Labour, and now with a 9,000 majority.
The PM went on the defensive by visiting South West Tory-held marginals in Plymouth and Bath yesterday.
PA:Press Association5 Jeremy Corbyn will also make a speech on Britain’s future outside the EU today under a Labour government

But she batted away claims that meant she was running scared after polls showed the race with Labour tightening.
Mrs May also faced questions for the first time over whether she will resign if the Tories lose seats next Thursday, after a rogue poll predicted voters could deliver a hung Parliament.
Dodging the question, she insisted: “There is only one poll that matters and that’s the poll that takes place on June 8 and when it comes to that poll people have a very clear choice and that choice is about who is going to be the Prime Minister”.
The Tories were given a boost last night when the Financial Times became the first national newspaper to give the party its endorsement.
The paper for business bosses has previously switched between Labour and the Tories in past elections, but it declared last night: “Faced with such uncertainty at home and abroad, Mrs May is the safer bet”.

