Remember the 22 faces of the Manchester bombing victims – and not the twisted murderer who stole their lives
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3633408/manchester-bomb-attack-victims-latest-remember/
26th May 2017, 2:21 am
THESE are the innocent faces of the 22 Manchester bomb attack victims we will remember - not the monster who snatched their lives away too soon.
The tragic stories of those killed by evil suicide bomber Salman Abedi have emerged since he struck the Manchester Arena on Monday.
46 These are the victims of the Manchester terror attack who will be remembered
The 22 victims of Monday's terror attack at the Manchester Arena
Megan Hurley, 15, Liverpool
Elaine McIver, 43, Cheshire
Courtney Boyle, 19, Gateshead
Philip Tron, 32, Gateshead
Wendy Fawell, 50, Otley, Leeds
Eilidh MacLeod, 14, Isle of Barra
Chloe Rutherford, 17, South Shields
Liam Curry, 19, South Shields
Sorrell Leczkowski, 14, Leeds
Michelle Kiss, 45, Blackburn
Jane Tweddle-Taylor, 51, Blackpool
Nell Jones, 14, Goostrey, Cheshire
Martyn Hett, 29, Stockport
Angelika Klis, 40, Poland
Marcin Klis, 42, Poland
Olivia Campbell, 15, Bury
Alison Howe, 44, Royton
Lisa Lees, 43, Royton
Kelly Brewster, 32, Sheffield
Saffie Rose Roussos, 8, Tarleton, Lancs
Georgina Callander, 18, Whittle-le-Woods, Lancs
John Atkinson, 26, Radcliffe, Manchester

Among the dead are a teen couple who "wanted to be together forever", loving parents waiting to collect their children and an off-duty cop.
The youngest was eight-year-old Saffie Rose Roussos, who has become one of the youngest Brits ever killed in a terror attack.

SHOW YOUR SUPPORT FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE MANCHESTER ARENA ATTACK
Today we launch a Together With Manchester appeal – to raise money for families of the victims of the Arena bomb.
News UK, publisher of The Sun, has made a corporate donation of £100,000 to the appeal.
Here’s how you can show your support….
ONLINE: www.justgiving.com/TogetherWithManchester
TEXT: Text TWMC50 and amount to 70070 – eg TWMC50 £5
(you can donate £1, £2, £3, £4, £5 or £10)

Megan Hurley
The last of the 22 victims has now been named as 15-year-old Megan Hurley from Liverpool - she is one of seven young girls killed in the atrocity.
The schoolgirl's brother was seriously injured in the bomb blast on Monday and her parents are thought to be by his bedside as he recovers.
46 Tragic Megan Hurley,15, was named as the 22nd victim of the Manchester bomb blast
She was remembered in a church service this week and a JustGiving page has been set up to help her family.
Helen McDermott, who set up the page, said: "People locally thought it would be a good idea to try and help her family, there has been a lot of sympathy and support throughout the community for them.
"We are overwhelmed by how much has been donated."
AP:Associated Press46 People attend a one minute silence to the victims of Monday's explosion at St Ann's Square in Manchester
Elaine McIver
The off-duty police officer who died in the attack has been named as Elaine McIver.
In a statement, her family said: “Elaine was a much loved daughter, sister, auntie, friend and colleague, the best we could ever have wished for.
“She was everyone’s friend, thoughtful beyond belief with an effervescent and outgoing personality.
“She would have been devastated by the injuries sustained by her partner Paul, and we wish him a speedy recovery.
“Elaine just loved life, and had a major love of music.
“Despite what happened to her, she would want us all to carry on regardless and not be frightened by fear tactics.
“Instead she regularly urged us all to rise up against it.
“Although we will all miss her beyond belief, we absolutely know she will live in our hearts forever.”
Her husband Paul is said to still be in a critical condition in hospital.
Getty Images46 Elaine McIver has been named as the off-duty police officer killed in the Manchester Arena bombing
Courtney Boyle, 19, and Philip Tron, 32
A teenager and her stepdad were also among the victims.
Courtney Boyle, 19, and Philip Tron, 32, from Gateshead, had not been seen since the suicide bombing, sparking a desperate Facebook appeal by Courtney’s mum Deborah Hutchinson.
In tribute to the pair, Deborah said: “My stunning amazing beautiful daughter you were my rock. You made me so proud with all you had achieved.
“And my gorgeous crazy Philip you made my world a happy place and now you are both my angels flying high in the sky.”
Courtney’s dad said: “I am going to miss my baby girl for the rest of my life.
“I will never forget you and I will love you forever. Grandad Bob misses you loads also.”
Courtney's boyfriend said: "My Courtney was an adventurer, a precious and joyous soul.
"She made people feel loved and feel safe. She was a soulmate, a friend, a daughter and a sister.
"No one had what that lass had, she was like no other. And she was on the path to fulfilment, and was happy when she passed.
"Nobody has ever made me as happy as her and I'm the person I am today because of her."
Philip's family paid tribute to him after thanking the emergency services for their help and support.
Adding: "Our most amazing son, partner, brother, father, uncle, nephew and cousin, Philip Tron, sadly passed away on May 22, 2017.
"Philip was such a fun loving, energetic soul; he would light up the darkest room and lift your spirits with his infectious laugh, witty sense of humour and his beautiful smile.
"Words cannot express the huge void his passing has left in all our lives."
46 Courtney Boyle, 19, and her stepdad Philip Tron, 32, died in the horrific attack on Monday
Wendy Fawell
Primary school teacher Wendy Fawell, from Leeds, and her friend Caroline Osborne were picking their children up after the concert when the explosion hit.
Her devastated son said in a statement: "Me and my family are truly devastated by the news. Mum was a wonderful woman. So kind and generous and touched the lives of so many.
"She will be greatly missed. Also I would like to add, how much it means to us, what everybody at home and in Manchester have done to support us at this time. Thank you"
Close friend Debbie McDowell wrote on Facebook: “I am heartbroken beyond belief. I have lost my best friend and confident.
“A beautiful, lady who I will have treasured memories of. Nite god bless sweetheart. Love you to the moon and back.”
St Oswald’s Primary School tweeted this morning: “It is with deepest sadness that I confirm that our former colleague Wendy Fawell was killed in the Manchester bombing. RIP, Wendy.”
WENDY FAWELL/FACEBOOK46 Wendy Fawell has been confirmed as another victim of the terror attack in Manchester on Monday
Eilidh MacLeod
Eilidh MacLeod, 14, had travelled to the Ariana Grande concert from the Outer Hebrides with her friend Laura Macintyre, 15, as part of a birthday treat.
Laura was found in hospital in Manchester suffering from serious injuries, while Eilidh remained missing.
Eilidh’s heartbroken parents Roddy and Marion confirmed Eilidh died in the blast.
In a statement, they said: “Our family is devastated and words cannot express how we feel at losing our darling Eilidh.
“Eilidh was vivacious and full of fun. She loved all music whether it was listening to Ariana or playing the bagpipes with her pipe band.
“As a family we would like to express our thanks and gratitude for the support and kind messages we have received at this difficult time.”
PA46 Eilidh MacLeod, 14, who has been named as one of those who died in the Manchester bombing
Chloe Rutherford and Liam Curry
Teen couple Chloe Rutherford, 17, and Liam Curry, 19, of South Shields, South Tyneside, were also among the victims.
In a heartbreaking tribute the couple's families said: “On the night our daughter Chloe died and our son Liam died, their wings were ready but our hearts were not.
“They were perfect in every way for each other and were meant to be.
“They were beautiful inside and out to ourselves and our families, they were inseparable.
“Chloe always described herself as ditzy who Liam adored and would do anything for, including dealing with Chloe’s demands for chocolate.
“They lived to go to new places together and explore different cities. They wanted to be together forever and now they are.”
Both their families had left their homes at 4am and driven to Manchester in a bid to trace the teens following Monday's attack.
As their deaths were confirmed Chloe's brother thanked Greater Manchester Police for the help they have given the families.
Liam Curry/Facebook46 Young couple Liam Curry and Chloe Rutherford were killed in Monday's atrocity
Chloe Rutherford/Facebook46 Chloe Rutherford was with boyfriend Liam Curry when the b0mber struck
Facebook46 Chloe Rutherford and Liam Curry have been confirmed as victims
Liam Curry/Facebook46 Chloe and Liam were described as the 'perfect' couple
Sorrell Leczkowski
Fourteen-year-old Sorrell Leczkowski, a pupil at Allerton High, died with her mum Samantha and her grandma at her side.
Her mum and grandmother are still in hospital. Her grandmother is critically ill.
Her grandfather issued a statement: "On Monday my wife Pauline, daughter Samantha and granddaughter Sorrell went to pick up Sophie and Lauren who had gone to Manchester Arena to watch a pop concert.
"I am absolutely heartbroken to confirm that my granddaughter was killed in the terror attack that claimed so many innocent lives.
"Sorrell was only 14, but she was our rock, she kept us all grounded. She was such a clever, talented, creative girl, there was nothing she couldn't do.
"She was going to be an architect and wanted to go to Columbia University in New York to study so that she could build hotels with slides coming out of the rooms and, so that she could build her mum a house.
"My wife is currently in intensive care, and Samantha is recovering from surgery as she tries to make sense of the devastating loss of her daughter."
A crowdfunding appeal has been set up to raise money for Sorrell's mother.
46 Sorrell Leczkowski, a pupil at Allerton High, is reported to have died with her mum Samantha and her grandma at her side
Michelle Kiss
Michelle Kiss, from Blackburn, attended the concert with her young daughters.
She uploaded a heartbreaking image of her daughters ready for the concert just hours before the tragedy.
She said: "Excited girlies ready to watch Ariana."
The mum's niece Laura Murray confirmed the news on Facebook, saying: "She has passed thank you for sharing."
Her son Dylan wrote on Facebook: "This woman meant the world to me and I'll cherish every single moment I've had with you.
"Heaven has well and truly gained an angel, I love you so much mum."
Michelle's young daughter was pictured at the scene being looked after by police officers.
Michelle's family issued a statement: "Michelle Kiss was a loving wife to Tony, mother to Dylan, Elliot and Millie, as well as daughter to Mick and Christine and sister to Nichola.
"She tragically died during the horrible event that occurred on Monday night.
"Family was her life and we are all obviously devastated by her loss. She has been taken away from us, and all that love her, in the most traumatic way imaginable.
"We hope to draw from the courage and strength she showed in her life to get through this extremely difficult time."
46 Michelle Kiss, pictured, uploaded a heartbreaking image of her daughters before the concert
Facebook46 The mum was one of 22 people killed in the horror blast
Jane Tweddle-Taylor, 51
Jane Tweddle-Taylor, from Blackpool, was killed at the Manchester Arena after going to pick a friend's daughter up.
The 51-year-old, who was a receptionist at South Shore Academy School, was collecting the youngster with her pal after they had dinner.
Her husband Mark Taylor, a former Hartlepool United, Blackpool and Wrexham winger, was away in London at the time and confirmed the tragic news.
He told BBC Lancashire: "She was full of life and very energetic with the children, going to functions and all sort of different things like skiing. We had loads of happy times.
"She actually travelled with one of her friends to drop her children off to the concert. Her and her friend were just having some food waiting for the concert to finish.
"They went back to pick them up as arranged. They were waiting in that area where the explosion happened and unfortunately Jane didn't come back. Her friend fortunately was ok, and the children were taken to safety."
Mark said one of their daughters is travelling in Australia and said letting her know was "one of the biggest challenges".
He added: "We got in touch with her quickly enough to tell her what the situation was. Someone at the council arranged flights for her to come back, without any thought."
Friends paid tribute to Jane on Facebook, with Wayne Wareing saying: "RIP, Mrs Tweddle. We had some laughs when I came in school for Richard.
"You always seemed to make me walk out laughing when I came in raging. You had a big heart and a loveable character."
Dave Nelson46 Jane Tweddle-Taylor, from Blackpool, was killed at the Manchester Arena after going to pick a friend's daughter up
Facebook46 The 51-year-old was a receptionist at South Shore Academy School
dnsnapper@blueyonder.co.uk46 Jane Tweddle-Taylor was caught in the blast after joining a pal to pick up their daughter
Nell Jones, 14
Nell Jones, of Goostrey, Cheshire, died in the attack on Monday, her school's head teacher confirmed.
Dennis Oliver, head at Holmes Chapel Comprehensive School, said: "It has now been announced in the school that Nell has unfortunately died.
"I have just done six assemblies to tell the pupils. Children are all over the place crying. We are all devastated.
"The heart wrenches for me and everyone else."
Nell, a member of the Young Farmers, attended the concert with school friend Freya Lewis, who was pulled from the arena by Bradford couple Phil and Kim Dick after she "staggered" and "collapsed" in their arms. Sadly Nell could not be found.
Nell, who was on crutches at the time for a ligament injury, vanished after British-born Salman Abedi, 22, detonated a nail bomb at the Arena.
Pal Katie Leather said: "Thank you everyone for trying to help. Unfortunately it has been confirmed she did not survive the attack. RIP Nell Jones."
She added: "RIP Nell Jones, you were an amazing person and didn't deserve anything like this, we are going to miss you so much."
Nick Lewis, Freya's dad, said: "Our situation is impossible to describe but the amazing support that everyone has shown us has been breathtaking.
"After ten and a half hours in surgery she is stable. The staff at the hospital have been incredible.
"Freya has been sewn, bolted, drilled and bandaged back together. It is going to be a long climb but we are on the first step. We really know how much you all care."
SWNS:South West News Service46 Nell Jones, 14, has been confirmed dead after the attack at Manchester Arena
SWNS:South West News Service46 Nell, who is thought to have been on crutches at the time, was killed in the blast
 Martyn Hett, 29
Pals have confirmed "iconic" Martyn Hett, 29, died in the Manchester terror attack.
The PR worker, who was due to go on the "trip of a lifetime" to America this week, died in the suicide blast.
Best friend Russell confirmed the tragic news on Twitter.
He wrote: "We got the news last night that our wonderful iconic and beautiful Martyn didn't survive.
"He left this world exactly how he lived, centre of attention. I'm in a really bad way so please forgive if I don't reply.
"Thankfully I have his wonderful family and amazing friends to keep each other strong. I love you Martyn. I always will. X"
Devastated brother Dan Hett, 31, also confirmed the tragedy.
He said: "They found my brother last night. We are heartbroken."
Martyn's stepmum Kathryn Hett, 59, yesterday said she did not even know Martyn had attended the gig.
She said: "I didn't even know he was there last night until we heard this morning, his dad got the call at work."
His family paid tribute to him: "Words cannot describe the generosity and kindness out families have received over the last few days.
"We are overwhelmed with the amount of lives he has touched and the kind words that are being said about him.
"Martyn was the icon of our lives. His infectious laugh and his niche sense of humour will stay with us forever.
"He lived for every moment of every day and fitted an entire lifetime of memories into his 29 years.
"Whilst they have taken the life out of Martyn, no one can, and ever will, take Martyn out of our lives."
Martyn Hakan Hett/Facebook46 The 29-year-old is thought to have been near the bar shortly before the explosion
Martyn Hakan Hett/Facebook46 Martyn's step-mum says she did not even know he was at the concert
Martyn Hakan Hett/Facebook46 Corrie fan Martyn dressed as Deirdre Barlow, who he had a tattoo of on his leg
Angelika and Marcin Klis, 40 and 42
Angelika and Marcin were killed as they waited for their daughters after the concert.
Polish foreign minister Witold Waszczykowski confirmed the tragic news today, saying the couple, from York, leave behind two daughters.
He said: "The parents came after the concert to collect their daughters and unfortunately we have information that they are dead."
Their daughters Patricia and Alex, who shared desperate appeals to find their parents, are thought to be safe.
SWNS:South West News Service46 A York student launched a heartbreaking appeal to find her parents, Angelika and Marcin Klis, who were at the concert
Angelika Klis/Facebook46 Angelika Klis, 40, died in the blast at Manchester Arena
York student Alex shared a photo of the pair taken hours before their death yesterday.
She wrote: "Anyone who is in any safe place or hospital in Manchester, if anyone comes across my parents please please let me know as they've been missing ever since the attack.
"This is a picture taken tonight so this is exactly what they were wearing."
Marcin Klis/Facebook46 Angelika's husband Marcin, 42, was also killed in the horror attack
Olivia Campbell, 15
Olivia Campbell, the 15-year-old whose disappearance sparked an emotional TV plea for information, was confirmed dead in the early hours of Wednesday morning.
The teenager’s heartbroken mum Charlotte Campbell took to social media to confirm her daughter had died in the Manchester atrocity.
Thousands shared a Facebook post in which Charlotte wrote: “RIP my darling precious gorgeous girl Olivia Campbell taken far far to soon go sing with the angels and keep smiling mummy loves you so much [sic].”
Olivia, who attended the concert with her best friend, was last heard from at 8.30pm, just before the US pop star took to the stage.
Olivia Campbell/Facebook46 Olivia Campbell was confirmed dead by her mum in a moving social media post in the early hours of Wednesday morning
BBC46 Olivia's heartbroken mum Charlotte gave an emotional appeal to find her daughter
46 Olivia Campbell, 15, whose mum broke down on Good Morning Britain on Tuesday, has been confirmed dead
Olivia Campbell/Facebook46 Olivia, 15, was last heard from by her mum at 8.30pm on Monday evening, just before the pop star took to the stage
The following morning, mum Charlotte broke down in tears on Good Morning Britain as she appealed for information on her missing daughter’s whereabouts.
In a desperate plea which left host Susanna Reid speechless, Charlotte said: “I can’t get through to her.
“I’ve called the hospitals, I’ve called all the places, the hotels where people say that children have been taken."
The devastated mum also told ITV News: "I'm heartbroken at the moment, because I don't know where she is - I don't know if she's alive even yet."
Olivia's friend has since been found and is being treated in hospital, but Charlotte said she did not want to comment on his condition.
Olivia Campbell/Facebook46 The following morning the 15-year-old's mum made an emotional TV plea for information as to her whereabouts
Olivia Campbell/Facebook46 Posting on Facebook, Olivia's mum told her daughter to 'go sing with the angels and keep smiling'


Alison Howe, 44, and Lisa Lees, 43
Tributes poured in for two mums, Alison Howe and Lisa Lees, who were killed as they arrived to pick their teenage daughters up from the arena.
Alison’s stepson Jordan Howe, who told The Guardian how he spent Tuesday visiting Manchester hospitals in search for the missing 44-year-old, confirmed her death in a moving Facebook post.
He wrote: “They took a caring beautiful mum and step mother away from us all she was amazing to us all x love you loads Alison Howe xx [sic]”
The brother of 43-year-old Lisa Lees also confirmed her death on the social media site.
Lee Hunter wrote: “For those who don’t know Lisa is gone but never ever forgotten I love you Lisa I’ll miss you so much [sic]”.
Both Alison and Lisa’s daughters had been found following the terror attack.
46 Lisa Lees, left, and Alison Howe, right, were killed as they arrived at the arena to pick up their teenage daughters
Facebook46 Lisa, right, and Alison, left, were in the foyer waiting for their children when the blast went off on Monday
Kelly Brewster, 32
Kelly was cut off from her family after "shielding" her niece from the blast at the Manchester Arena on Monday.
Friends were unable to get hold of her after she lost her sister Claire, 34, and niece Hollie Booth, 11, in the crowds.
Hollie broke both her legs and Claire broke her jaw in the attack, grandmother Tracy Booth wrote on Facebook.
A pal said: “Hollie went up in the air when the bomb exploded and Kelly did all she could to protect her.
“She ran to shield Hollie from the blast as best she could. She threw ­herself in front of her.
“Claire ran over to both of them but Hollie was terrified by the noise and the screaming so started trying to get away, trying to find an exit.”
46 Kelly Brewster was named as the fourth victim of the attack
Kelly Brewster/Facebook46 Kelly was reported missing following the blast on Monday
Kelly's partner Ian Winslow tragically confirmed the office worker's death on Facebook last night.
He wrote: "Not sure how this works but it isn't good news. Kelly Brewster wasn't one of the unidentified hospital patients.
"She has sadly passed away in the terror attack yesterday.
"Kelly really was the happiest she has ever been and we had so many things planned together. My daughter Phoebe will be absolutely devastated like we all are."
Kelly Brewster/Facebook46 Kelly's family later confirmed she was the fourth victim to die in the atrocity
Pal Chantelle Garrity said after Kelly vanished: "Thank you to everyone who keeps sharing my post. Kelly Brewster is still missing. Had no contact at all from her since approx 10.30pm last night!
"Please keep her picture on you and if anyone sees her please get in touch with me asap!!"
But her family have now confirmed she is the fourth victim of the deadly terror attack.
Her boyfriend's dad told Mail Online: "They were both looking forward to a bright future and sharing their lives together."
Kelly Brewster/Facebook46 The sister and niece of the 37-year-old, pictured, both survived but are hospitalised
Saffie Rose Roussos, 8
At just eight years old little Saffie Rose Roussos has become one of the youngest Brits ever killed in a terror attack.
Saffie, of Leyland, Lancs, was killed after becoming separated from her mum and sister during the attack.
A neighbour and family friend has revealed Lisa has no idea her daughter is dead as she is currently in a coma in hospital.
Neighbour Salman Patel told Mail Online: "Saffie's sadly passed away and her mother, we understand, isn't aware. I am praying for the family, it is totally heartbreaking."

PA/SWNS46 Saffie Rose Roussos, eight, was killed in the Manchester terror attack, teachers say
The post office worker also revealed the tragic youngster's dad had no idea of the horror unfolding as he arrived at Manchester Arena to pick up his family.
He said: "He went to pick them up and arrived to find his wife in a critical condition, his elder daughter injured and his younger daughter lost.
"I thought he meant lost in the crowd but heartbreakingly he meant lost forever, as in the end.
"I am praying the mum pulls through and copes with the tragedy of finding out when she does about her daughter."
SWNS:South West News Service46 Saffie-Rose Roussos, eight, was killed in Monday night’s suicide bomb attack

Chris Upton, headteacher at Tarleton Community Primary School near Preston, confirmed the tragic news and paid tribute to a “beautiful little girl in every aspect of the word”.
Saffie’s mum and sister are being treated for shrapnel wounds in separate hospitals.
A statement from Mr Upton said: "News of Saffie’s death in this appalling attack has come as a tremendous shock to all of us and I would like to send our deepest condolences to all of her family and friends.
"The thought that anyone could go out to a concert and not come home is heartbreaking.
"Saffie was simply a beautiful little girl in every aspect of the word. She was loved by everyone and her warmth and kindness will be remembered fondly.
“Saffie was quiet and unassuming with a creative flair.
“Our focus is now on helping pupils and staff cope with this shocking news and we have called in specialist support from Lancashire County Council to help us do that.
“We are a tight-knit school and wider community and will give each other the support that we need at this difficult time.”
Georgina Callander, 18
Georgina Callander was the first victim named after she died following her favourite pop star's concert.
The youngster, who was known as Gina to pals, tragically tweeted Ariana Grande before the doomed gig, saying: "SO EXCITED TO SEE U TOMORROW."
A close friend told the Evening Standard she died in hospital, with her mother at her bedside for her last moments.
Georgina, who was photographed with Ariana Grande when they met almost two years ago, has been described as a girl who “lit up the room”.
46 Georgina Callander, 18, was amongst the 22 killed
Instagram46 Among the dead is Georgina Callander pictured here with her pop hero Ariana
46 Georgina's tweet to Ariana Grande the day before the concert
Friends have taken to social media to pay tribute to Georgina, with one writing: “Rest in peace Gina. I love you so incredibly much, you deserved the world & more. I’m so lucky to have met you and known you”.
One friend wrote: "I am in shock that such an amazing night could end so horrendously, nobody should ever have to worry about not leaving a concert, of all things, safe."
She added: "My heart goes out to all those who lost friends and family last night. I love you so much Gina, you always lit up the room (and groupchat) and we are all so lucky to have ever had a friend like you."
46 Georgina Callander, 18,  reportedly pictured outside the arena before Monday night's concert
pixel 800046 The 18-year-old was a super fan of the US pop star, and had tweeted Grande the day before proclaiming her excitement
Karen David, an actress who had met Georgina several weeks ago at a fan event, wrote a message saying: "It's not fair, it's not right.
"It makes me so angry and it breaks my heart that such a young and promising life has been stolen away!"
pixel 800046 A friend claimed Georgina died in hospital, with her mum at her bedside for her final moments
Around 1,000 people attended a vigil for Saffie Roussos and Georgina Callander in front of devastated friends and family in their home town of Tarleton, Lancashire.
Georgina's heartbroken mum Leslie wept as she clutched a blanket while she laid a single yellow flower on the tarmac in front of friends, family and villagers who had come to pay their own respects.
John Atkinson, 26
John Atkinson has been remembered as an "amazing" man by grieving friends.
Tributes to John flooded in yesterday as police investigated the massacre.
One friend wrote: “Truly devastated for them all. What an amazing lovely man he was and blessed to have known him.xxx”
One friend wrote: "You may of broke our heart but you're never break our spirit r.i.p. Manchester and my heart goes out to John and the Atkinson Family & friends".
Another wrote: "Rip John Atkinson. Thoughts and prayers to your family. What a mad, sad world".
But friends of the Radcliffe man, who is understood to live in Manchester, said they were determined that the death of the "top chap" would not bow to those who had organised the devastating attack.
The family is now raising money for the young man, saying the "one in a million" man deserved a proper send off.
Facebook46 Friends have paid tribute to John Atkinson, who has been named as one of the victims


