Theresa May promises spending spree in Scotland with £9bn clawed back from Brussels after Brexit
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3605672/theresa-may-to-plough-eu-money-into-scotland-and-the-north-in-post-brexit-spending-spree/
19th May 2017, 10:40 pm
THERESA MAY yesterday unveiled plans for a post-Brexit spending blitz in Scotland as part of a new £9 billion fund to rebuild Britain using money that currently goes to the EU.
Vowing to keep our “precious” union together, the PM said Scotland would share in the proceeds of a new Prosperity Fund alongside forgotten communities in Wales and North as the campaign entered its final three weeks.
Getty Images4 Theresa May has unveiled plans of a post-Brexit spending blitz in Scotland and the North
Speaking at the launch of the Scottish Tory manifesto in Edinburgh Mrs May insisted the UK may be four nations but “one people”.
And she pledged “to take back control” of the £9.3billion of taxpayers’ cash that Brussels spends on investments in the UK and use it to “strengthen” the Union.
EU structural spending plans were last drawn up in 2014, with the UK pencilled in for £9.3 billion until 2020.
Reuters4 The PM plans to plough money on forgotten communities on money that is currently going to the EU
Now Mrs May says this cash will continue and be used to set up a “United Kingdom Shared Prosperity Fund” after Brexit.
Yesterday the PM said the new targeted scheme’s “sole purpose will be to reduce the inequalities which exist within and between the four nations of our United Kingdom.”
She added: “We will take back control of structural funds and use them to strengthen our Union.”
Buried in the Tory manifesto small print is a pledge that “the money that is spent will help deliver sustainable, inclusive growth based on our modern industrial strategy.”
In 2016 the UK government paid £13.1 billion to the EU budget, and EU spending on the UK was forecast to be £4.5 billion on subsidies and investments.

Your election station - Penny Smith from 8am4
Call talkRADIO 0344 499 1000 
Listen on DAB, via the talkRADIO app or online at talkradio.co.uk

MOST READ IN POLITICS ExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe BOO WHAT? Labour bans Julia Hartley-Brewer from Conference for shouting boo in 'safe space' 
Last year the Chancellor promised to honour all of these spending commitments until 2020, and the new fund will see around half of that money continue to be spent for the rest of the next Parliament.
The PM also told Scottish voters that “leaving the EU will also enable us to build a better future for our fishermen.”
Mrs May said: “After Brexit, we will be responsible for the access and management of the waters where we have historically exercised sovereign control.”
But angry fishermen last night said that as “a total backslide and fudged deal.”
Reuters4 May insisted the UK may be four nations but 'one people' at the Scottish Tory manifesto launch
Alan Hastings of the Fishing for Leave campaign said “British fishermen have only ‘historically exercised sovereign control’ of waters 12 miles off the UK coast.”
He added: “But an international law change in 1976 means the UK’s Economic Exclusion Zones should stretch to 200 miles if Britain’s coastline.”
However as the UK was already governed by EU sharing rules by then, “historically” our fishermen have never enjoyed their full right to the waters — sparking the cries of betrayal.


