Bad Girls Advice Facebook group slammed by critics as women share explicit snaps of their partners and proudly admit to ABUSING them
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/3430445/bad-girls-advice-facebook-group/
27th April 2017, 5:10 pm
A CONTROVERSIAL women’s Facebook group is under investigation by the social media giant.
Bad Girls Advice is a forum that contains graphic sexual discussions, naked photos of men and women openly admitting to committing domestic violence.
Facebook8 The closed Facebook group was uncovered by one of its former members
Critics have called on the page, which is made up of more than 200,000 people, to be shut down.
Under the guise of “dark humour”, members gather together to upload images of their partners.
When X-rated pictures of male genitalia are posted onto the group, they are grilled by Facebook users who poke fun at everything from the shape, size and grooming of the penis.
Facebook8 One member shared a picture of her partner's penis, before asking other women to comment
Facebook8 Many of the Facebook users remarked that the man needed to sort his pubic hair out
As well as this, there are multiple posters who share intimate information about their previous sexual experience.
One woman joked about a man she was seeing years ago who “sounded like a koala’s mating call” when he ejaculated.
Most Read in LivingTAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work NOT JUST SPOTS! Six common types of bumps on your skin - and the ones that could be deadly Exclusive'He threatened to kill me' Woman whose ex beat her for FIVE HOURS says he bragged about abuse on Valentine’s Day SHEER LUNACY? Braless Sun girl takes to the streets in a sheer top to try out Kendall Jenner's titillating new fashion trend - so would you try it? X APPEAL Remember X Factor’s Craig Colton? This is what he looks like now 
Worryingly, a lot of the content shared on the group also promoted violence against men.
One thread asked members to share the “craziest things (they’d) done in a fit of rage”.
Disturbingly, one boasted that she’d “chased him with an axe”, while another said she “stabbed them in the c*** with a metal nail file”.
Facebook8 After admitting that she had attacked her partner in a rage, one woman urged other Facebook users to share similar stories
Facebook8 Shockingly, many displayed crying laughing emojis as they detailed moments of abuse
After reading the violent responses, one woman joked: “Ps. Reading these on ideas for the husband right now”.
Even though the group has attracted a backlash, it’s yet to be shut down.
If users are offended by the page, the moderators warn them to ignore it or get permanently blocked.
Facebook8 One member even proudly claimed that she had been arrested for domestic violence
The rules read: “BGA is a group designed for a specific audience.
“We want BGA filled with truly entertaining, shocking, R rated pics/stories, hilarious dark humour and offensive content.
“If you see something you do not agree with or something that offends you, you have two choices — Ignore it and scroll by or get blocked from BGA permanently.”
Facebook8 One paranoid user admitted to violent acts... before remarking that there might be members of the police lurking on the group
When one internet user complained to Facebook, they were allegedly told that the group didn’t breach the Community Standards guidelines.
The Bad Girls Advice member told news.com.au: “Thanks for your report — you did the right thing by letting us know about this.
“We looked over the group you reported an, and though it doesn’t go against one of our specific Community Standards, we understand the group or something shared in it may still be offensive or distasteful to you.
Facebook8 Others used the forum as a way to find their friends new sexual partners
It added: “We want to help you see less of things like this in the future.
“If you want us to look at something specific in this or another group, you can report that exact content (ex: photo) instead of the entire group.”
It’s not the first time that sickening Facebook groups have been exposed online.
The Sun recently revealed that trolls gathered on a vile “banter page” to share memes about slavery, rape and abortion.


