What do the stars have in store for you today?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/3227118/what-do-the-stars-have-in-store-for-you-today-139/
1st April 2017, 1:18 am
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
When someone who usually has so much to say is quieter than normal, you’ll be asked a love question.
Even though it’s a total surprise, it deserves a serious answer.
When you talk to the family, the moon in your communication chart ensures you’ll be understood.
Your talent shines in front of an audience.
1
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
Venus and Mars give you the choice between a gentle, romantic relationship or one that is fast-moving, daring and passionate.
However, it’s the calm way you talk about finances that gets the co-operation you need.
When you hear a newcomer talk about the work they do, you realise it’s your vocation.
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
The moon is in your sign so there’s something new and different about you that intrigues people – even those who think they know all about you.
It could make your love life interesting.
A place on a work or community project that you secretly want to be part of opens up for you.
Luck visits a door with a brand-new number.
CANCER
June 22 to July 22
Sometimes it seems to be an affectionate friendship, sometimes it feels like the real thing, but you’ll be sure about the status of a relationship when you talk over a meal.
Single? The initial “B” identifies new love.
Listening is the best way to help a friend who has a huge decision to make.
LEO
July 23 to August 23
Friendships, family, romance . . .  your influence in all kinds of relationships is suddenly much stronger, so use it for something that really matters.
If you start the weekend single, your new partner has a job that fascinates you plus an unusual, futuristic home.
Luck links you to a famous sporting town.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
Things you try for the first time reveal talents that could bring so much to the future, especially if cameras and music are involved.
The moon gives you the tact and quiet determination to deal with officials and get the go-ahead for your plans.
Venus helps you make big decisions with a partner.
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
The moon in the truth-seeking part of your chart shows you that love can stay strong even if you are on different continents.
If you are free to start a new relationship, another Libra would be a challenge . . . but so worth it.
A market stall you set up with a friend is the key to success. Remember a family anniversary.
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
Cool-thinking planet Mercury and passion-stirring Mars are side-by-side in your chart and a relationship that stumbled is back on track.
If you’re single, you’re smart enough to love someone you can really talk to.
A weekend job that links food and weddings could be more successful than anyone expects.
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
The Venus effect can make you too soft-hearted when you get a surprise bonus or win a cash prize – others are just too keen to help you spend it.
If you’re single, love that means less stress and more laughter links you with a Gemini, while settled partners could be writing their own version of the marriage vows.
CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
The moon activates your wellbeing chart and gives you a new and genuine interest in healthy eating.
It could be the start of a new way to earn a living and add more passion to a relationship.
If you’re single, a shared dream of running a health food store brings a new love into your life.
AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
The luckiest part of your chart is switched on, so keep an eye on sports results and lottery tickets.
Just as rewarding is seeing a precious friendship get back to its best – and if the love wish in your heart is sincere, it could turn into action.
A new face joining the family is talented and caring. Give them time to settle in.
PISCES
February 19 to March 20
When two people are reluctant to reveal how deep their feelings go, a relationship can miss its magic moment.
Finding the perfect house may seem to be taking forever – until you walk along a tree-lined avenue for the first time and know you’ll live there one day.
A journey in three different vehicles has a surprising outcome.

