Meghan Markle takes centre stage as she joins Justin Trudeau and Emma Watson in Vanity Fair shoot celebrating ‘future leaders’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/3223760/meghan-markle-takes-centre-stage-as-she-joins-justin-trudeau-and-emma-watson-in-vanity-fair-shoot-celebrating-future-leaders/
31st March 2017, 2:08 pm
SHE was thrust into the limelight after capturing Prince Harry’s heart.
But now it seems Meghan Markle is tipped for world domination as she’s hailed as one of the world’s next “future leaders”.
Jason Schmidt11 Meghan Markle appears in the April issue of Vanity Fair alongside former President of Ireland Mary Robinson, poet Fatima Bhutto and women's rights activist Loujain al-Hathloul
INSTAGRAM11 Meghan Markle chats to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
The 35-year-old Suits actress appears in the April issue of Vanity Fair alongside fellow ‘global leaders’ who attended the One Young World Summit in Ottawa in October 2016.
In her first official photoshoot since the announcement of her royal romance, Meghan appears alongside Emma Watson, Justin Trudeau and Cher, all of whom spoke at last year's event.
MOST READ IN LIVINGTAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work NOT JUST SPOTS! Six common types of bumps on your skin - and the ones that could be deadly Exclusive'He threatened to kill me' Woman whose ex beat her for FIVE HOURS says he bragged about abuse on Valentine’s Day SHEER LUNACY? Braless Sun girl takes to the streets in a sheer top to try out Kendall Jenner's titillating new fashion trend - so would you try it? X APPEAL Remember X Factor’s Craig Colton? This is what he looks like now JAWSOME Can you spot the shark in this Magic Eye image? Experts reveal reason why not everyone can solve 3D brainteasers CHIN UP The truth about YOUR double chin, what's really causing it - and the DAFT exercises that can help banish it PicturedBooty-full property Inside the mansion that was home to a lost treasure mystery… and it could be yours for £6million 
Jason Schmidt11 Emma Watson poses next to Justin Trudeau along with, from left to right, Prof Muhammad Yunus, OYW co-founders Kate Robertoson and David Jones, Mary Robinson and Kofi Annan
INSTAGRAM11 Meghan shared behind-the-scenes images of the Vanity Fair shoot on social media. Pictured here with poet Fatima Bhutto, centre
Meghan poses alongside former President of Ireland Mary Robinson, poet Fatima Bhutto, and women's rights activist Loujain al-Hathloul.
The four women stand against the dramatic backdrop of Ottawa – but Meghan is set apart from the other three and stands nearer the water’s edge.
Meghan looks chic but smart in a high-necked sleeveless dress that is cut just above her knee and a pair of nude pointed heels.
Writing about One Young World on her lifestyle site TheTig, she said: “When I was asked to be a Counsellor at One Young World my response was a resounding 'yes.'
“One Young World invites young adults from all over the world who are actively working to transform the socio-political landscape by being the greater good.
Jason Schmidt / Vanity Fair11 Emma launched the 'Emma Watson Scholarship', recognising outstanding work in advancing gender equality across the globe. Pictured with her scholars
Instagram11 Emma took to the stage and said that 'we, the entire spectrum of the feminist movement, are building an unstoppable current, for which we need ripples of hope from every age, race, ability, walk of life, every human experience'
“They are delegates who are speaking out against human rights violations, environmental crises, gender equality issues, discrimination and injustice. They are the change.”
The photographs were taken by critically-acclaimed American photographer Jason Schmidt and the accompanying article was written by Pakistani poet and writer Fatima Bhutto.
The 2016 One Young World Summit gathered 1,300 young leaders from 196 countries around the world.
They discussed worldwide challenges alongside world-leaders from across the globe, and generated innovative solutions to the world's most pressing issues.
Instagram11 Meghan, pictured with a delegate at the summit, wrote on her lifestyle blog, The Tig: 'When I was asked to be a Counsellor at One Young World my response was a resounding ‘yes.''
Instagram11 Emma Watson shares a joke with Justin Trudeau during their discussion on gender equality and the importance of bringing young people into politics
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau opened the summit and called on the young leaders present to “make good use of your new global community [at One Young World] and do something great with it”.
This year's summit also saw the launch of the 'Emma Watson Scholarship', recognising outstanding work in advancing gender equality across the globe.
The 26-year-old Harry Potter actress selected nine young leaders as her One Young World Scholars and declared that “we, the entire spectrum of the feminist movement, are building an unstoppable current, for which we need ripples of hope from every age, race, ability, walk of life, every human experience”.
Emma posed in an off-the-shoulder white blouse and black flared trousers in one image alongside her chosen scholars.
Jason Schmidt11 Pop music icon Cher spoke at the 2016 One Young World Summit. Pictured with fellow delegates
Jason Schmidt / Vanity Fair11 Kofi Annan, pictured far left, poses for Vanity Fair with members of Extremely Together
She donned a leopard print dress and a short-sleeved cream mac to stand alongside Justin Trudeau in another image.
Since taking part in the One Young World Summit both Meghan and Emma have shared photographs on social media about their work.
One Young World Co-Founder, Kate Robertson, commented: “One Young World is honoured to be featured in such an august publication working with the amazing creative talent Jason Schmidt and the unique voice of Fatima Bhutto.
“From countering violent extremism to campaigning for gender equality, One Young World Ambassadors are fearlessly taking on the world's biggest challenges and we hope that this calls attention to the remarkable work young leaders are doing.
Jason Schmidt / Vanity Fair11 Meghan Markle appears in the April issue of Vanity Fair alongside Emma Watson, Cher, and Justin Trudeau
“We are grateful for the support of Meghan Markle, Emma Watson, Justin Trudeau and all of the other Counsellors who took part.”
Corporate Business Director at Vanity Fair UK, Claire Singer, added: “Vanity Fair UK is delighted to feature the extraordinary work of One Young World, working with Jason Schmidt and Fatima Bhutto to showcase the Counsellors and delegates in our April issue.
“The photographs, which were shot in the beautiful city of Ottawa, reflect the diversity of the One Young World Ambassadors and their work, which ranges tackling mental health stigma to equality for women in Saudi Arabia.”


