Inside Facebook’s sickest groups where trolls share memes about slavery, rape and ABORTION – and joked about PC Palmer’s terror death
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3203794/inside-facebooks-sickest-groups-where-trolls-share-memes-about-slavery-rape-and-abortion-and-joked-about-pc-palmers-terror-death/
29th March 2017, 5:12 pm
SICKENING Facebook groups where trolls share jokes about slavery, rape and ABORTION can be revealed by The Sun Online.
More than 100,000 people are members of vile "banter groups", which provide a forum for cyberbullies.
Facebook7 Sick trolls joked about PC Palmer's terror attack murder
7 Homophobic slurs are among the hundreds posted daily
Jokes are made about Madeleine McCann, terror victims and disabilities - with no topic out of bounds.

'Secret' Facebook 'banter' replica groups were set up just HOURS after being removed... Read more here

Groups are moderated by "admins", who can remove sick content - but instead act as ringleaders.
An admin of "Pure Banter 18+" last week shared a sick joke about PC Keith Palmer, who lost his life in the Westminster terror attack.
MOST READ IN NEWSGAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack FARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone HAMM SLAM Philip Hammond sparks uproar from Brexiteers in rant over consequences of No Deal CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM 
He shared a photo of the dead Metropolitan Police officer and said: "Has anybody seen my dad?
"He went to work on Thursday and hasn't come home since. I'm starting to get really upset and worried about him.
"Why are people telling me not to turn on the news?"
Vile trolls were quick to chime in, with one sharing a photo of a coffin and adding: "Found him!!!"
The troll responded: "I wouldn't even put him in a coffin. I'd give a bare burial service if that. Even the Thames is too good for this failed hero."
Jokes about slavery and racist slurs are also common, with users requesting memes about dark topics.
What are 'banter' groups?Facebook 'Banter' groups are closed communities where users share content. Many encourage sick dark humour and offensive memes.
'18+ Banter' groups discovered by The Sun Online:
1. Pure Banter 18+ - 5,931 members
2. Pure Banter - 65,538 members
3. pure banter18+ - 5,762 members
4. Dirty Banter 18+ - 9,842 members
5. Its Only F****n Banter 18+ - 15,530 members
6. Oooh, I'm offended.... 18+ - 42, 649 members
7. Banter Barn ~ 18+ No Rules Humour - 3,610 members
8. Banter 18+ - 30,773 members

In the "Banter18+" group this week, one member asked for "all your best rape memes" and received scores of sickening posts.
Other topics have included Robin Williams' death, 9/11 and child abuse.
The Sun Online has chosen not to show memes shared in the group due to their graphic and offensive nature.
A member of a group named "Pure Banter", which came under fire last week after a joke was made about Lee Rigby, says things have got "too far".
The woman, who wishes to remain anonymous and joined a year ago, said: "It used to be more banter for the slightly more tough-skinned, but then it became sick.
"I've seen posts about child molestation, cruel memes of Katie Price's son Harvey, videos of underage marriage and even porn has been posted."
7 The Pure Banter group has 65,550 members
Facebook7 Rape jokes are a common theme on the Facebook groups
Facebook7 Sick jokes are also made about missing Madeleine McCann
Despite calls for troll Jason McLean to lose his job after a photo of terror victim Lee was posted in Pure Banter last week, it has seen a wave of similar mocking posts since.
One user said: "Just because Lee Rigby lost his job, doesn't mean McLean has to lose his."
Some threatened users who report posts or share outside of the group in the future, warning: "Snitches get stitches."
Members of the group often ask to be "roasted" by other users - which involves sharing a photo and receiving an onslaught of abuse.
Users sometimes take photos of children from the victim's Facebook page and drag them into the abuse, despite most pages declaring a "no children" rule.
The woman added: "I've seen people threatening people's families, turning their children into memes. It's disgusting."
Facebook7 Admins are often ringleaders in the torrent of abuse
Facebook7 One member threatens 'snitches get stitches' after a sick joke about Lee Rigby was shared outside the group
After being contacted by The Sun Online, Facebook removed a number of groups.
A spokesperson said: "We encourage our community to let us know when there's content they think breaks our community standards, and we appreciate The Sun bringing such content to our attention.
"Following our investigation, we worked quickly to remove several of the groups reported to us, and identified several other posts which have no place on our platform."


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368



