Theresa May warns the EU that no Brexit deal could stop British security services working as closely with their European partners to combat terror threat
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3206401/theresa-may-warns-the-eu-that-no-deal-could-stop-british-security-services-working-as-closely-with-the-eu/
29th March 2017, 1:29 pm
THERESA MAY has warned the EU that no deal could WEAKEN the fight against terrorism and urged leaders to "avoid that outcome" at all costs.
The six-page letter informing the bloc of our intention to leave was handed over in person from our EU Ambasador Tim Barrow - to EU Council President Donald Tusk.
8 Sir Tim Barrow hands over our letter to Donald Tusk
Throughout the letter the PM repeatedly emphasised that "economic and security" would be the most important matters for her as we embarked on our EU exit.
And she warned that "in security terms a failure to reach agreement would mean our cooperation in the fight against crime and terrorism would be weakened."
The PM said that leaders "must therefore work hard to avoid that outcome."
8 Theresa May told the Commons she was "ambitious" about Britain's future outside the EU
 
Mrs May denied that she was using security as a bargaining chip.
The PM promised: "We're not going to be trading the security of our country,"
"We have a relationship with the European Union... there are certain aspects... that leaving the European Union, we would not be members of. The aim of this would be to ensure cooperation on these matters."
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan BOO WHAT? Labour bans Julia Hartley-Brewer from Conference for shouting boo in 'safe space' PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find SCAN AND SEARCH Police should use hi-tech cameras to scan yobs for knives, Khan rival says FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April 
The letter also said that we would engage with the EU "constructively and respectfully", but that we would put OUR citizens first.
She vowed to get a deal for Brits abroad AND EU citizens in the UK as soon as possible.
Mrs May wrote: "There are, for example, many citizens of the remaining member states living in the United Kingdom, and UK citizens living elsewhere in the European Union, and we should aim to strike an early agreement about their rights."
Mrs May said again she would not seek membership of the Single Market - but would aim for a "deep and special partnership" between the EU and the UK.
And she told EU leaders she wanted to agree the new deal alongside our exit agreement.
The Prime Minister promised to provide as much certainty for businesses and investors as possible - which would include an "implementation period" of a new deal.
"It would help both sides to minimise unnecessary disruption if we agree this principle early in the process," she added.
Mrs May's main points included:

We should engage with one another constructively and respectfully, in a spirit of sincere cooperation
We should always put our citizens first
We should work towards securing a comprehensive agreement
We should work together to minimise disruption and give as much certainty as possible
In particular, we must pay attention to the UK’s unique relationship with the Republic of Ireland and the importance of the peace process in Northern Ireland
We should begin technical talks on detailed policy areas as soon as possible, but we should prioritise the biggest challenges
We should continue to work together to advance and protect our shared European values

And she vowed: that "now more than ever, the world needs the liberal, democratic values of Europe.
"We want to play our part to ensure that Europe remains strong and prosperous and able to lead in the world, projecting its values and defending itself from security threats."
Here is the full letter:
8 8 8  8 8
8
After Mrs May gave her statement, EU Council President Donald Tusk gave a press conference in Brussels.
He said there was "no reason to pretend that this is a happy day" and added: "we already miss you".
But he admitted: "Paradoxically there is something positive in Brexit., Brexit has made us a community of 27 more determined and more united than before.
"We will remain determined and united in the future also in the future and difficult negotiations ahead."
In a gloomy prediction, he forecast that "there is nothing to win in this process" and the Brexit talks would be about "damage control".
He vowed to "minimise costs for EU citizens, businesses and member states".
He concluded: "What can I add? We already miss you. Thank you and goodbye."


