Theresa May offers EU Britain’s help fighting terror — as long as we get to keep free trade
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3203832/theresa-may-leaves-downing-street-as-sir-tim-barrow-arrives-at-the-european-council-with-her-article-50-letter-as-brexit-set-to-be-triggered/
29th March 2017, 10:11 am
THERESA May yesterday offered Britain’s world-beating skill on fighting terror to the EU — so long as we keep free trade.
Triggering exit talks, the PM issued a tough warning on the consequences of no deal.
PA16 Theresa May delivered a statement in the House of Commons as Article 50 was triggered
AP16 Donald Tusk, right, looked a little uncomfortable as he was handed our notification of leaving by Sir Tim Barrow
AP:Associated Press16 The two leaders pose with the 6-page long letter
Reuters16 Sir Tim Barrow leaves an awkward Donald Tusk
She said: “Failure to reach agreement would mean our co-operation in the fight against crime and terrorism would be weakened”.
It came as Mrs May yesterday launched the two-year countdown to Britain’s EU exit.

The PM issued a special statement to MPs, branding it “a ­historic moment”;
No10 confirmed a cut-off point for a deal is March 29, 2019, with the UK leaving the EU next day;
Mrs May issued a plea for urgency to get on with negotiations so a full deal can be cracked within the two-year timeframe;
but she suffered an early knockback from German Chancellor Angela Merkel over how talks should proceed.

Getty Images16 Boris Johnson, right, looked full of joy this morning

Brexit formally began yesterday at 12.28pm, when Britain’s Brussels ambassador Sir Tim Barrow handed the six-page letter from the PM to EU council chief Donald Tusk.
In the letter, triggering Article 50 exit talks, Mrs May watered down her earlier threat to walk away with no deal.
But controversially, she placed Britain’s security know-how at the centre of any negotiations.
Getty Images16 The momentous letter to Donald Tusk was handed over this lunchtime
After nine months the UK has delivered. #Brexit— Donald Tusk (@eucopresident) March 29, 2017


Included was a call for talks between officials to start immediately so a full deal can be struck within two years.
She also pledged to stand with the EU against protectionism and for its “liberal, democratic values” — signalling she would oppose anti-EU US President Donald Trump.
The letter spelled out seven principles Mrs May wants to see adopted for the negotiations, including a joint new system of working out how EU red tape would apply to British goods and services.
Reuters16 Mr Tusk has responded to the letter - vowing to 'protect the interests of the EU'

The PM also formalised her request for transition periods on new trading terms, to avoid British businesses suffering a cliff-edge effect.
In a Commons statement, Mrs May said the Government was “acting on the democratic will of the British people”, and that there was now “no turning back”.
Unless all 28 countries unanimously agree to extend the talks, Britain will formally leave the EU at midnight on March 30, 2019.
Mrs May briefed the Cabinet yesterday morning with her plan — winning rousing applause from ministers who banged on the table.
Reuters16 Sir Tim Barrow arrived with a briefcase containing the letter from Theresa May to the European Council
Pro-Brexit Tory MPs later told of their delight at a day they had fought so hard to see.
Former minister Owen Paterson told the Commons there would be “celebrations all around the country”.
But Remain supporters were miserable.
Winston Churchill’s grandson, Tory MP Nicholas Soames, tweeted: “The truth is I am heartbroken that we should be setting out on this uncertain voyage at a time of great global uncertainty.”

What Does Brexit Mean For You?
Join The Sun & TalkRadio for a live debate as the UK gets ready for life outside the EU.
You can grill our expert panel including Trevor Kavanagh, Julia Hartley-Brewer, comedian Matt Forde as well as MPs Anna Soubry and Dominc Raab.

If you want to be part of the audience in London on Wednesday, April 19 go to www.thesun.co.uk/suntalks from 10am for more info. Tickets are £5 and all proceeds go to St. Thomas's Hospital, Westminster.
16


MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 
Mrs May added: “We seek to guarantee the rights of EU citizens who are already living in Britain, and the rights of British nationals in other member states as early as we can.
"That is set out very clearly in the letter as an early priority for the talks ahead.
"We will ensure that workers’ rights are fully protected and maintained. "Indeed, under my leadership, not only will the government protect the rights of workers, we will build on them."

Getty Images16 Ukippers celebrate with champagne and cake at today's news
Getty Images16 They cracked out the bubbly this afternoon
A happy @Nigel_Farage pic.twitter.com/o4n2p32dPI— Harry Cole (@MrHarryCole) March 29, 2017


In response Mr Tusk told reporters at a press conference he vowed to "protect the interests of the EU" in the coming talks.
And Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn accused the PM of taking the country in a direction which “is both reckless and damaging”.
He said in the Commons:  “Britain is going to change as a result of leaving the European Union. The question is how.
“The Conservatives want to use Brexit to turn our country into a low wage tax haven.
“Labour is determined to invest in a high skill, high tech, high wage future, to rebuild and transform Britain, so no one and no community is left behind.”
PA16 She delivered her historic statement in the Commons
Earlier she gathered her senior ministers in Downing Street as the UK prepares for a "pivotal moment" in its journey to a future outside the European Union.
Ministers discussed the letter, which will outline her negotiating position with the other 27 nations ahead of their opening talks.
Shortly before the meeting Philip Hammond said that it sets the "right tone" and sends the "right signals" to European leaders about how the UK wants to conduct the negotiations.
He said he was confident the UK would get a good deal, but said he understood "we can't cherry-pick, we can't have our cake and eat it".

Getty Images16 Sir Tim travelled the short distance from his residence in the Belgian capital
AP16 The PM was driven to Parliament where she gave a statement to the Commons about our EU exit
Mr Hammond said: "By deciding to leave the EU and negotiate a future relationship with the EU as an independent nation, there will be certain consequences to that and we accept those."
He said that although preparations were being made for the possibility of leaving the EU without a deal, he was "absolutely confident" that an agreement on the ongoing relationship would be sealed.
And he played down warnings that Brexit would lead to lorries queuing up at Dover as customs checks and red tape meant trade ground to halt.
PA:Press Association16 Open Britain protestors demonstrate outside Parliament with Nicky Morgan, left, and Nick Clegg, middle
PA:Press Association16 Other anti-Brexit demonstrators joined them
Article 50 triggeredHere is the full text of Theresa May's letter to Donald Tusk:On 23 June last year, the people of the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union.  As I have said before, that decision was no rejection of the values we share as fellow Europeans. Nor was it an attempt to do harm to the European Union or any of the remaining member states.  On the contrary, the United Kingdom wants the European Union to succeed and prosper.  Instead, the referendum was a vote to restore, as we see it, our national self-determination. We are leaving the European Union, but we are not leaving Europe – and we want to remain committed partners and allies to our friends across the continent.
Earlier this month, the United Kingdom Parliament confirmed the result of the referendum by voting with clear and convincing majorities in both of its Houses for the European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill.  The Bill was passed by Parliament on 13 March and it received Royal Assent from Her Majesty The Queen and became an Act of Parliament on 16 March.
Today, therefore, I am writing to give effect to the democratic decision of the people of the United Kingdom. I hereby notify the European Council in accordance with Article 50(2) of the Treaty on European Union of the United Kingdom’s intention to withdraw from the European Union.  In addition, in accordance with the same Article 50(2) as applied by Article 106a of the Treaty Establishing the European Atomic Energy Community, I hereby notify the European Council of the United Kingdom’s intention to withdraw from the European Atomic Energy Community. References in this letter to the European Union should therefore be taken to include a reference to the European Atomic Energy Community.
This letter sets out the approach of Her Majesty’s Government to the discussions we will have about the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and about the deep and special partnership we hope to enjoy – as your closest friend and neighbour – with the European Union once we leave.  We believe that these objectives are in the interests not only of the United Kingdom but of the European Union and the wider world too. It is in the best interests of both the United Kingdom and the European Union that we should use the forthcoming process to deliver these objectives in a fair and orderly manner, and with as little disruption as possible on each side.
We want to make sure that Europe remains strong and prosperous and is capable of projecting its values, leading in the world, and defending itself from security threats. We want the United Kingdom, through a new deep and special partnership with a strong European Union, to play its full part in achieving these goals. We therefore believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the European Union. The Government wants to approach our discussions with ambition, giving citizens and businesses in the United Kingdom and the European Union – and indeed from third countries around the world – as much certainty as possible, as early as possible. I would like to propose some principles that may help to shape our coming discussions, but before I do so, I should update you on the process we will be undertaking at home, in the United Kingdom.
As I have announced already, the Government will bring forward legislation that will repeal the Act of Parliament – the European Communities Act 1972 – that gives effect to EU law in our country.  This legislation will, wherever practical and appropriate, in effect convert the body of existing European Union law (the “acquis”) into UK law.  This means there will be certainty for UK citizens and for anybody from the European Union who does business in the United Kingdom. The Government will consult on how we design and implement this legislation, and we will publish a White Paper tomorrow.
We also intend to bring forward several other pieces of legislation that address specific issues relating to our departure from the European Union, also with a view to ensuring continuity and certainty, in particular for businesses.  We will of course continue to fulfil our responsibilities as a member state while we remain a member of the European Union, and the legislation we propose will not come into effect until we leave. From the start and throughout the discussions, we will negotiate as one United Kingdom, taking due account of the specific interests of every nation and region of the UK as we do so.  When it comes to the return of powers back to the United Kingdom, we will consult fully on which powers should reside in Westminster and which should be devolved to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
But it is the expectation of the Government that the outcome of this process will be a significant increase in the decision-making power of each devolved administration. Negotiations between the United Kingdom and the European Union The United Kingdom wants to agree with the European Union a deep and special partnership that takes in both economic and security cooperation.  To achieve this, we believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the EU. If, however, we leave the European Union without an agreement the default position is that we would have to trade on World Trade Organisation terms.
In security terms a failure to reach agreement would mean our cooperation in the fight against crime and terrorism would be weakened.  In this kind of scenario, both the United Kingdom and the European Union would of course cope with the change, but it is not the outcome that either side should seek. We must therefore work hard to avoid that outcome. It is for these reasons that we want to be able to agree a deep and special partnership, taking in both economic and security cooperation, but it is also because we want to play our part in making sure that Europe remains strong and prosperous and able to lead in the world, projecting its values and defending itself from security threats.
And we want the United Kingdom to play its full part in realising that vision for our continent. Looking ahead to the discussions which we will soon begin, I would like to suggest some principles that we might agree to help make sure that the process is as smooth and successful as possible. We should engage with one another constructively and respectfully, in a spirit of sincere cooperation.  Since I became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom I have listened carefully to you, to my fellow EU Heads of Government and the Presidents of the European Commission and Parliament.  That is why the United Kingdom does not seek membership of the single market: we understand and respect your position that the four freedoms of the single market are indivisible and there can be no “cherry picking”.
We also understand that there will be consequences for the UK of leaving the EU: we know that we will lose influence over the rules that affect the European economy.  We also know that UK companies will, as they trade within the EU, have to align with rules agreed by institutions of which we are no longer a part – just as UK companies do in other overseas markets. We should always put our citizens first.  There is obvious complexity in the discussions we are about to undertake, but we should remember that at the heart of our talks are the interests of all our citizens.  There are, for example, many citizens of the remaining member states living in the United Kingdom, and UK citizens living elsewhere in the European Union, and we should aim to strike an early agreement about their rights. We should work towards securing a comprehensive agreement.
We want to agree a deep and special partnership between the UK and the EU, taking in both economic and security cooperation. We will need to discuss how we determine a fair settlement of the UK’s rights and obligations as a departing member state, in accordance with the law and in the spirit of the United Kingdom’s continuing partnership with the EU.  But we believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the EU. We should work together to minimise disruption and give as much certainty as possible.  Investors, businesses and citizens in both the UK and across the remaining 27 member states – and those from third countries around the world – want to be able to plan.  In order to avoid any cliff-edge as we move from our current relationship to our future partnership, people and businesses in both the UK and the EU would benefit from implementation periods to adjust in a smooth and orderly way to new arrangements.  It would help both sides to minimise unnecessary disruption if we agree this principle early in the process. In particular, we must pay attention to the UK’s unique relationship with the Republic of Ireland and the importance of the peace process in Northern Ireland.  The Republic of Ireland is the only EU member state with a land border with the United Kingdom.  We want to avoid a return to a hard border between our two countries, to be able to maintain the Common Travel Area between us, and to make sure that the UK’s withdrawal from the EU does not harm the Republic of Ireland.
We also have an important responsibility to make sure that nothing is done to jeopardise the peace process in Northern Ireland, and to continue to uphold the Belfast Agreement. We should begin technical talks on detailed policy areas as soon as possible, but we should prioritise the biggest challenges. Agreeing a high-level approach to the issues arising from our withdrawal will of course be an early priority.  But we also propose a bold and ambitious Free Trade Agreement between the United Kingdom and the European Union. This should be of greater scope and ambition than any such agreement before it so that it covers sectors crucial to our linked economies such as financial services and network industries.  This will require detailed technical talks, but as the UK is an existing EU member state, both sides have regulatory frameworks and standards that already match.  We should therefore prioritise how we manage the evolution of our regulatory frameworks to maintain a fair and open trading environment, and how we resolve disputes.  On the scope of the partnership between us – on both economic and security matters – my officials will put forward detailed proposals for deep, broad and dynamic cooperation.
We should continue to work together to advance and protect our shared European values.  Perhaps now more than ever, the world needs the liberal, democratic values of Europe.  We want to play our part to ensure that Europe remains strong and prosperous and able to lead in the world, projecting its values and defending itself from security threats. As I have said, the Government of the United Kingdom wants to agree a deep and special partnership between the UK and the EU, taking in both economic and security cooperation.  At a time when the growth of global trade is slowing and there are signs that protectionist instincts are on the rise in many parts of the world, Europe has a responsibility to stand up for free trade in the interest of all our citizens. Likewise, Europe’s security is more fragile today than at any time since the end of the Cold War. Weakening our cooperation for the prosperity and protection of our citizens would be a costly mistake.
The United Kingdom’s objectives for our future partnership remain those set out in my Lancaster House speech of 17 January and the subsequent White Paper published on 2 February. We recognise that it will be a challenge to reach such a comprehensive agreement within the two-year period set out for withdrawal discussions in the Treaty. But we believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the EU. We start from a unique position in these discussions – close regulatory alignment, trust in one another’s institutions, and a spirit of cooperation stretching back decades.  It is for these reasons, and because the future partnership between the UK and the EU is of such importance to both sides, that I am sure it can be agreed in the time period set out by the Treaty. The task before us is momentous but it should not be beyond us.  After all, the institutions and the leaders of the European Union have succeeded in bringing together a continent blighted by war into a union of peaceful nations, and supported the transition of dictatorships to democracy.  Together, I know we are capable of reaching an agreement about the UK’s rights and obligations as a departing member state, while establishing a deep and special partnership that contributes towards the prosperity, security and global power of our continent.


