Middlesbrough defender Ben Gibson knows better than anybody what relegation would mean
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/3193202/middlesbrough-ben-gibson-relegation/
27th March 2017, 10:30 pm
IF anybody knows what relegation would mean to Middlesbrough, it is Ben Gibson.
Being called up by England last week was a major career boost.
North News and Pictures7 Ben Gibson visits football mad brothers Cohen and Indie Cartwright
But the plight of his home-town team is what will be on Gibson’s mind this week.

Keep up to date with ALL the Middlesbrough news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

The defender, 24, vividly remembers the heartbreak he felt when Boro were dumped out of the Premier League in 2009.
Aged 16, he was travelling back from a tournament in Blackpool with local club Marton when he heard on the radio that they were down after losing at West Ham.
Most read in sportExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld A TALE OF ICE & FIRE How Niki Lauda's icy determination drove F1 legend to heroic comeback CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 
So Gibson — nephew of Boro’s owner and chairman Steve — will do everything in his power to make sure the Class of 2017 does not suffer the same fate.
The Boro centre-half recalled: “In 2009, there were tears. All my family were devastated. I don’t want to replicate those emotions.
“As a local lad, as a fan of the club you play for, the emotions are always magnified.”
7
North News and Pictures7 Home-town hero Gibson is idolised by the Boro faithful
North News and Pictures7 Gibson knows what damage relegation will do to the community
Since that May day eight years ago, Gibson has gone on to fulfil his dream of climbing through the Riverside ranks and helping Boro return to the top flight, which they did last year.
And while his uncle recently said, “nobody will have died and the world will keep spinning” if the club are relegated, Gibson is in no mood to play down the importance of survival.
Gibson, an unused sub in the Three Lions’ 2-0 victory over Lithuania on Sunday, said: “We gave everything for seven years to get back here.
“We sacrificed a hell of a lot — blood, sweat and tears.
“And we know the positive impact it has on the town.
“We have definitely seen an upturn in the town’s fortunes — it is thriving at the minute.
“So we’ve got to make sure now that we stay here and don’t undo all that hard work — not just for ourselves, but for all the people in the town.”
Getty Images7 Gibson is wanted at Manchester City and Chelsea this summer

If all of Middlesbrough’s players shared Gibson’s spirit and passion, you doubt they would be second-bottom, five points from safety.
He is a credit to the club on and off the pitch — and they will miss him hugely when he surely moves on to one of the big boys in the near future, with Chelsea and Manchester City both keen.
Last week, Gibson surprised two young fans in Redcar after Boro club partners CLS Sports and charity Smile for a Child revamped their back garden with astroturf and safe-play equipment.
Cohen Cartwright, seven, and his four-year-old brother Indie both suffer from a rare, life- limiting disability.
And Gibson admitted: “It was a real thrill to see the smiles on their faces. It made their day and it will change their lives.
“I remember how excited I used to get to see a first-team Middlesbrough player. I still remember getting one of my trophies off Stewart Downing when I was a young lad. So if I can give that same feeling back to fans, that is fantastic.”

Gibson has made the transition from Championship to Premier League with ease and looks a natural leader, often wearing the captain’s armband.
He is clearly also a strong voice in the dressing room — one which ex-boss Aitor Karanka lost the respect of, costing him his job 12 days ago.
But the local lad insists he had no say on the Spaniard’s sacking, even with his family links in the boardroom.
Gibson smiled: “No, that’s way above my pay grade. As a home-grown lad, you can have a good influence in the dressing room.
“But we have got a good group of people who all believe in each other and really believe we will turn our fortunes around. We have never lost a game because of a lack of fight and that won’t start happening now.”
Getty Images7 Under-21s star Gibson was called up to the seniors by Gareth Southgate
Reuters7 The Boro defender replaced the crocked Chris Smalling
Gibson appreciates the influence Karanka had on his game, having only started seven times for Boro before the former Real Madrid defender was appointed in 2013.
He admitted: “My career took a massive upturn under the guidance of Aitor. He did a fantastic job for the club, the town and we will for ever be grateful for that.”
But now Gibson is fully behind caretaker coach Steve Agnew, who was his reserve-team boss five years ago.
He said: “Steve’s demanding, a tough guy.
“He’s a fantastic coach and knows the way he wants to play.
“He spoke about drip-feeding those ideas to the lads. That doesn’t happen overnight.
“You don’t automatically become Barcelona because you’ve a new manager. But the way he wants to play is free-flowing, expansive, creative.
“We believe in him, we will back him and we will fight tooth and nail for him.”
Gibson is confident Agnew’s appointment can give Boro the lift they need going into the final ten games.
They lost their first match under him — 3-1 at home to Manchester United — but visit Swansea on Sunday before dates with Hull and Burnley.
Gibson added: “We have ten cup finals on our hands.
“We are really looking forward to putting right what has already gone wrong and fixing where we are in the table.
“Any change with regards to the manager, most clubs get a reaction and that’s what we need.
“We have to use that to gain momentum and to make sure the place is buzzing.”
Tweet @dpcoverdale

