I had sex with my sister’s boyfriend after he wouldn’t take ‘no’ for an answer
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/3172696/dear-deidre-sisters-fella-wouldnt-take-no-for-answer/
24th March 2017, 8:42 pm
Got a problem?  Write to Deidre here.
Every problem gets a personal reply, usually within 24 hours weekdays.
You can also private message on the DearDeidreOfficial Facebook page.
Follow me on Twitter @deardeidre or write to Deidre Sanders, The Sun, London SE1 9GF 
(please enclose SAE).

Dear Deidre
I HAD sex with my sister’s boyfriend. I didn’t want to but he persisted. I had been drinking and was very tired – and I truly regret it.
The guy is acting as though everything is fine and it was just one of those things but I feel so guilty about it.
Getty Images12 I feel terrible about sleeping with him
How I can face my sister? I am terrified she or someone else in the family will find out. They will think I did it on purpose to get at her.
It happened after a family party. We were celebrating my sister-in-law’s win on the Lottery. It was not an enormous win but we all thought it was a good excuse for a party.
Everyone was there and there was plenty to eat and drink, plus music and a bit of dancing.
Alamy12 I am terrified my sister or someone else in the family will find out
I am 21 and single. My 24-year-old sister and her boyfriend, who is 29, were there. They had a bit of a tiff over something and she went home.
The boyfriend and I followed on an hour or so later and he suggested that I stay there in the spare room. This sounded like a good idea as it was about two in the morning by then.
He was very attentive. I thought he was just being kind but after I had taken my dress off and got into bed, he came back and got in with me. He kept trying to kiss me. He kept saying he knew what I wanted.
I told him to leave me alone many times and kept saying no, but he persisted and in the end I gave in.
Getty Images12 I am also frightened of finding myself alone with him in case he tries it on again
I just couldn’t resist any more. I was exhausted and I’d been drinking — but I wasn’t so out of it that I can’t remember what happened.
I did have a bit of thing going with him years ago, before my sister started going out with him. I only saw him for a couple of months and decided he was not the one for me.
I feel dreadful now. I worry my sister will find out and think it must have been all my fault. She is bound to feel I encouraged him the moment she was out of sight.
At the very least she would think I should have fought harder.
I am also frightened of finding myself alone with him in case he tries it on again.
DEIDRE SAYS:  He is the one who should be feeling guilty. It sounds as though he pressured you so much that it was rape. It certainly wasn’t fully consensual sex.
Talk in confidence to Rape Crisis (rapecrisis.org.uk, 0808 802 9999). It will reassure you and help relieve your guilty feelings, as well as advise you about what to do
He deserves you to report him to the police and for your sister to realise what sort of man she is with, but I can see that will take courage and could cause a family rift.
Even if you don’t feel able to do that, tell this guy that if he tries anything on with you again you will go to the police. That should be enough to make him leave you alone in future.
MOST READ IN DEAR DEIDREDEAR DEIDRE Sex with my husband was out of this world — now he only fancies his 50 pigeons DEIDRE'S PHOTO CASEBOOK Andy's girlfriend wants to have a baby but he's secretly cheating SOME LIKE IT HOT I've been having sex with my lover for years but I just don't fancy her CHILDHOOD TRAUMA I was abused as a child and nightmares ruin any time I spend with my son IS IT AN EXCUSE? My lover refuses to leave his wife because she has cancer — should I wait? DEBTS PILING UP Husband is off work and I worry we won't be able to pay bills or mortgage 
Classmates keep hounding me
Dear Deidre
MY classmates constantly take the mickey out of me. I struggle with self-confidence and I get depressed when they say hurtful things.
I am a boy of 15. I used to be good mates with a couple of boys but then they got friendly with some other guys and I became the reject of the group.
Getty Images12 I struggle with self-confidence and I get depressed when they say hurtful things
They do not even stop laughing at me in class.
They make group chats just to abuse me, add me and then remove me. But I don’t want to be alone. If I leave this friendship group, I will have no friends at all.
DEIDRE SAYS:  These so-called friends are a waste of time. Back off from trying to be friends with them.
Look around for other students who also appear to be in need of company and chat to them. They will be grateful for someone who wants their friendship.
My Are You Being Bullied? e-leaflet explains how to deal with such spitefulness. If it carries on, tell your parents and teachers. Your school should take action.

Religion is keeping us apart
Dear Deidre
I’M in contact online with a boy I knew at school. We are both 17 and are at different sixth-form colleges.
He says he does not want a relationship but can offer me a good friendship, so I settled for that.
Alamy12 Our different faiths  make it hard to be together
We get on really well. We talk for hours, flirt and joke. He said I am pretty but he also said it might be hard for us to be together properly as he is a Muslim and I am Sikh and he doesn’t want to hurt me.
I really like him but I do not know what to do for the best.
DEIDRE SAYS:  If you want a proper boyfriend/girlfriend relationship, you may have a mountain to climb.
He has been honest in saying there would be difficulties. His family may be against him having a relationship outside their community and it doesn’t sound like he plans to go against their wishes.
Talk it over with someone who understands at the Asian Family Counselling Service (asianfamily counselling.org, 020 8571 3933).
Topic4todayONE in ten men believes they don’t last long enough in bed.Some have unrealistic expectations – the average is five to seven minutes yet some complain lasting “only” 25 minutes.
But if it really is all over after a minute or two, of course it’s a worry. My e-leaflet Self-help For Premature Ejaculation explains how men can last longer. Email me for a copy.
problems@deardeidre.org
 

Wife won't let me spend time with our girl
Dear Deidre
I FEEL like a lodger in my own home, just there to pay the bills.
My wife never lets me spend time with our little girl. She won’t even leave me alone with her. We are both 28 and our daughter is three.
Getty Images12 My wife won't let me spend time with our little girl
My wife’s parents divorced when she was five and she has always put her mum before me. I feel like the third wheel.
My mother-in-law lives around the corner but might as well move in with us. She is here every day and always putting her oar in, siding with my wife against me and undermining me at every turn.
My wife and I only ever had sex when she wanted to get pregnant. Once she did, it all stopped.
I felt rejected and started sexting another woman before the baby came. But my wife found out. I tried to make amends but she is still resentful and still keeping me apart from our daughter.
I think nothing will save our marriage. I packed my bags last week but my wife persuaded me to stay.
She can be very manipulative and promised to change but nothing is different.
DEIDRE SAYS:  Your marriage never really got off the ground as your wife is so closely bonded with her mum and maybe never saw her dad behaving like an active father.
Tell your wife your marriage can survive only if she treats you as a full partner and father to your daughter, and her mum accepts she is grandma and not co-parent.
Organise counselling together with Relate (relate.org.uk, 0300 100 1234) but also take the initiative. You need to talk together to her mother, and the two of them can enjoy girlie outings while you look after your little girl.
My e-leaflet Saving Your Sex Life will help you get that back on track.

I'm scared of dying alone
Dear Deidre
I REALLY think I shall die alone as I’ve never had a relationship with anyone.
I worry about this constantly. I lie awake at night for hours wondering why I cannot be like other people and have a girlfriend.
Getty Images12 I was bullied at school and that has made me very quiet with other people
I am 21 and have never slept with a girl or had any close contact with one.
I find girls terrifying and avoid speaking to them if I can. I don’t know why.
I was bullied at school and that has made me very quiet with other people.
I would so like to find someone who would give me the chance to speak to them without ending up feeling insulted or rejected.
Everyone I know is in a relationship and some are even cheating on their partners. Meanwhile, I cannot even find one.
DEIDRE SAYS:  You have plenty of time to overcome your fears.
Look for activities you can join in which appeal to both sexes and give you a shared interest to talk about – for example, a sport or maybe doing some voluntary work.
Then ask them questions about themselves – everyone loves talking about themselves.
My e-leaflet on Shyness and Social Anxiety will help.

Do I pick him or my family?
Dear Deidre
I HAVE a lovely boyfriend and our little boy adores him but my family hate him.
I could not wish for a better partner and father to my child. We have been together for three years. He is 28, I am 22.
Getty Images12 My family hate my boyfriend
His ex has said awful things about him – all of it lies. I once had a row with my boyfriend which ended badly. As a result, my family and friends say they will not talk to me ever again if I stay with him.
He has asked me to marry him and I agreed on condition that my family do not know. So we argued about it and he withdrew the offer. If I stay with my boyfriend, I will lose my family.
But if I stay with the family I love, I will probably lose him.
DEIDRE SAYS:  What do you mean by a row that “ended badly”? Do you mean he hit you? 
If so, no wonder your family and friends are worried and you need to be sure he really has changed. Has he had help with anger management?
If you are sure he is the right man for you, be firm with your family. Insist that they cannot run your relationship and your little boy needs his dad.

Girlfriend dumped me because I'm poor
Dear Deidre
MY girlfriend dumped me because I couldn’t afford to take her to a posh restaurant.
We met online and had been together for five weeks when she said her birthday was approaching.
12 She said that having a nice meal out would be great for her birthday but I couldn't afford it
I’m 48 and have a job that I love, but it’s not well paid. She is 44.
She said that having a nice meal out would be great for her birthday and suggested a particular restaurant.
I phoned to book a table and the cheapest deal was £160 for two. That is way out of my league financially.
I told my girlfriend that I just couldn’t stretch that far but she said I should have booked it anyway.
She dumped me and now I feel used. I thought she was the one for me.
DEIDRE SAYS:  No one that mercenary and callous was ever going to make you happy. Try to see what happened as a lucky escape.
Loving relationships are not about how much you can spend, so forget about her and move on.
121212

