Theresa May confirms Westminster attacker was British extremist known to police as she delivers defiant statement in the House of Commons
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3158274/theresa-may-delivers-defiant-statement-after-westminster-attack-saying-our-values-will-prevail/
23rd March 2017, 10:37 am
THERESA May has confirmed the Westminster attacker was a British extremist known to police as she delivered a defiant statement in the House of Commons.
The Prime Minister addressed a packed chamber as MPs got back to business less than 24 hours after the incident - in which four people were killed.
PA8 Theresa May made a defiant statement to Parliament in the wake of the attack
Here's what Mrs May confirmed in her statement:

Four people have died in the attack - PC Palmer, a woman in her mid 40s and a man in his mid 50s, along with the attacker
There are 29 people are being treated in hospital, with seven in a critical condition, including three police officers
Among those caught up in the attack were 12 Brits, 3 French, 2 Romanians, 4 South Koreans, 2 Greeks, 1 German, 1 Chinese, 1 Irish and 1 Italian.
The attacker was confirmed to be British-born - and known to the police and Mi5
He is described as a “peripheral figure” who is “not part of the current intelligence picture”
Police have arrested eight people overnight in raids at six properties in Birmingham and London


She told MPs: "Yesterday an act of terrorism tried to silence our democracy but today we meet as normal.
"We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism.
“We meet here in the oldest of all parliaments because we know democracy and the values it entails will also prevail.
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 
"A terrorist came to the place where people of nationalities and cultures celebrate what it means to be free.
“This was an attack on free people everywhere.
She added that the attack "sickened us all", but concluded her statement by saying: "Our values will prevail."

She led tributes to those killed, speaking an hour after MPs had stood for a minute's silence in honour of the innocent people who died in the attack.
Paying tribute to PC Keith Palmer, who died after being stabbed, she said: "He was a husband and a father, killed doing a job he loved.
"He was every inch a hero and his actions will never be forgotten."
And Mrs May paid tribute to Conservative frontbencher Tobias Ellwood, the MP who helped to try and save his life.
PA8 Mrs May paid tribute to Tobias Ellwood, who helped to try and save PC Palmer
He had earlier walked into the chamber, standing up at the back and watching on with arms folded, after extraordinary [pictures showed him delivering CPR to PC Palmer yesterday.
She also thanked the emergency services for their efforts, adding: "Yesterday we saw the worst of humanity but we will remember the best.
"We will remember the extraordinary efforts to save the life of Pc Keith Palmer, including those by my right honourable friend, the member for Bournemouth East (Mr Ellwood).”
Mrs May also revealed the was a British citizen who was known to the police and security services, and had been investigated some years ago over violent extremism.
PA:Press Association8 Mrs May told MPs we "are not afraid" and democracy would carry on undeterred
She said he was a “peripheral figure” and was not part of the “current security picture”.
The PM said it was still believed that the attacker acted alone and there was "no reason to believe" further attacks on the public were planned.
She added: "His identity is known to the police and MI5 and when operational considerations allow, he will be publicly identified.
Describing the events of yesterday the PM confirmed those injured include: 12 Brits, 3 French, 2 Romanians, 4 South Koreans, 2 Greeks, 1 German, 1 Chinese, 1 Irish and 1 Italian.
Three police officers were also hurt, two of them seriously
PA8 The Speaker began proceedings with a minute's silence in the Common
Mrs May said it was an attack on free people all over the world as she thanked global allies including US President Donald Trump for their support.
And she added: "The greatest response lies not in the words of politicians, but in the every day actions of ordinary people.
“For beyond these walls today, in scenes repeated in towns and cities across the country, millions of people are going about their days and getting on with their lives.
"The streets are as busy as ever, the offices full, the coffee shops and cafes bustling.
"As I speak, millions will be boarding planes and aeroplanes to travel to London and to see for themselves the greatest city on Earth.

"It is in these actions - millions of acts of normality - that we find the best response to terrorism.
"A response that denies our enemies their victory, that refuses to let them win, that shows we will never give in.
"A response driven by that same spirit that drove a husband and father to put himself between us and our attacker and to pay the ultimate price.
"A response that says to the men and women who propagate this hate and evil 'You will not defeat us'.
"Mr Speaker, let this be the message from this House and this nation today. Our values will prevail."
PA8 Mrs May thanked the warm words of support from around the world
Ahead of the PM’s statement, the Speaker John Bercow said to the chamber: "Our heartfelt condolences go out to the families and friends of the victims of this outrage."
He said a book of condolence will be opened after paying tribute to PC Keith Palmer, and he thanks all the security staff in Parliament for allowing MPs to meet "undeterred".
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn described yesterday's events as an "appalling atrocity" but urged MPs not to "rush to judgement" about what had happened.
He urged the public to "stay united in our communities and not allow fear or the voices of hatred to divide or cower us".
Mr Corbyn said: “Today, we are united by our humanity, by our democratic values and by that human impulse for solidarity to stand together in times of darkness and adversity.”

He added: “It behoves us all not to rush to judgement, but to wait for the police to establish the facts.
“We must stay united in our communities and not to allow fear or the voices of hatred to divide or cower us.
“It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred.”
Angus Robertson has insisted all MPs are "as one" in their dedication to democracy and harmony following the Westminster attack.
PA8 Mr Corbyn described yesterday's events as an "appalling atrocity"
The SNP's Westminster leader also stressed that those in the Commons are "hugely grateful" for the work of police, security and intelligence staff, including those who ran towards danger - such as Mr Ellwood.
Speaking in response to Prime Minister Theresa May's statement on the attack, Mr Robertson said: "Today of all days we are reminded, notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues, we are as one in our dedication to democracy, rule of law and harmony between people of all faiths and none."
Iain Duncan Smith, the former leader of the Conservative Party, said: "We have faced such threats before by those of twisted and violent ideologies, as the broken stones of the arch that we enter through on a daily basis bear testament to, time and again.
PA8 Tim farron said those who attack us "hate our freedom, our peaceful democracy, our love of country, our tolerance, our openness and our unity"
"They have failed, they will always fail, because we are a beacon of freedom in this place, and that is why they target us."
And Tim Farron, leader of the Liberal Democrats, said: "We always know that the police keep us safe but yesterday, in the most shocking of ways, we saw how true that really is.
"In my prayers are Keith Palmer, his family, and all the victims of yesterday's outrage, and they will continue to be there.
"I am, we are, beyond thankful to the police, to the NHS, to the emergency services, actually to the staff of this House, in keeping us safe and being so utterly dedicated to their roles.
PA:8 PC Keith Palmer who was stabbed to death by a suspected terrorist outside the Palace of Westminster
"Those who attack us hate our freedom, our peaceful democracy, our love of country, our tolerance, our openness and our unity.
"As we work to unravel how this unspeakable attack happened...we must not, either in our laws or by our actions, curtail these values. Indeed, we should have more of them."
Theresa Villiers, the former Northern Ireland Secretary suggested that all police officers in parliament should be armed.
PC Keith Palmer was unarmed at the time of the attack, but armed officers were nearby, who went on to shoot his attacker.
Mrs May said it was “an operational matter for the police”.

'Our values with prevail'Here is Theresa May's full statement on the Westminster attack:Mr Speaker, yesterday an act of terrorism tried to silence our democracy.
But today we meet as normal – as generations have done before us, and as future generations will continue to do – to deliver a simple message: we are not afraid. And our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism.
And we meet here, in the oldest of all Parliaments, because we know that democracy, and the values it entails, will always prevail.
Those values – free speech, liberty, human rights and the rule of law – are embodied here in this place, but they are shared by free people around the world.
A terrorist came to the place where people of all nationalities and cultures gather to celebrate what it means to be free. And he took out his rage indiscriminately against innocent men, women and children.
Mr Speaker, this was an attack on free people everywhere – and on behalf of the British people, I would like to thank our friends and allies around the world who have made it clear that they stand with us at this time.
What happened on the streets of Westminster yesterday afternoon sickened us all.
While there is an ongoing police investigation, the House will understand that there are limits to what I can say.
But having been updated by police and security officials let me set out what at this stage I can tell the House.
At approximately 2:40pm yesterday, a single attacker drove his vehicle at speed into innocent pedestrians who were crossing Westminster Bridge, killing 2 people and injuring around 40 more.
In addition to 12 Britons admitted to hospital, we know that the victims include 3 French children, 2 Romanians, 4 South Koreans, 1 German, 1 Pole, 1 Irish, 1 Chinese, 1 Italian, 1 American and 2 Greeks.
And we are in close contact with the governments of the countries of all those affected.
The injured also included 3 police officers who were returning from an event to recognise their bravery. Two of those 3 remain in a serious condition.
Mr Speaker, the attacker then left the vehicle and approached a police officer at Carriage Gates, attacking that officer with a large knife, before he was shot dead by an armed police officer.
Tragically, as the House will know, 48-year-old PC Keith Palmer, was killed.
PC Palmer had devoted his life to the service of his country. He had been a member of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command for 15 years, and a soldier in the Royal Artillery before that.
He was a husband and a father, killed doing a job he loved.
He was every inch a hero. And his actions will never be forgotten.
I know the whole House will join me in sending our deepest condolences to his family – and to the families and friends of all those who have been killed or injured in yesterday’s awful attacks.
I know also that the House will wish to thank all those who acted with such speed and professionalism yesterday to secure this place and ensure we are able to meet as we are doing today.
Mr Speaker, at 7:30 last night, I chaired a meeting of the government’s emergency committee COBR and will have further briefings and meetings with security officials today.
The threat level to the UK has been set at ‘severe’ – meaning an attack is highly likely – for some time.
This is the second highest threat level. The highest level ‘critical’ means there is specific intelligence that an attack is imminent.
As there is no such intelligence, the independent Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre has decided that the threat level will not change in the light of yesterday’s attack.
Mr Speaker, the whole country will want to know who was responsible for this atrocity and the measures that we are taking to strengthen our security, including here in Westminster.
A full counter-terrorism investigation is already underway.
Hundreds of our police and security officers have been working through the night to establish everything possible about this attack – including its preparation, motivation and whether there were any associates involved in its planning.
And while there remain limits on what I can say at this stage, I can confirm that overnight the police have searched 6 addresses and made 8 arrests in Birmingham and London.
Mr Speaker, it is still believed that this attacker acted alone, and the police have no reason to believe there are imminent further attacks on the public.
His identity is known to the police and MI5, and when operational considerations allow, he will be publicly identified.
What I can confirm is that the man was British born and that some years ago, he was once investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism. He was a peripheral figure.
The case is historic – he was not part of the current intelligence picture.
There was no prior intelligence of his intent – or of the plot. Intensive investigations continue.
And as Acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley confirmed last night, our working assumption is that the attacker was inspired by Islamist ideology.
Mr Speaker, we know the threat from Islamist terrorism is very real. But while the public should remain utterly vigilant they should not – and will not – be cowed by this threat.
As Acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public.
And as a precautionary measure, this will mean increasing the number of patrols in cities across the country with more police and more armed police on the streets.
Since June 2013 our police, security and intelligence agencies have successfully disrupted 13 separate terrorist plots in Britain.
Following the 2015 Strategic Defence and Security Review, we protected the police budgets for counter-terrorism and committed to increase cross-government spending on counter-terrorism by 30% in real terms over the course of this Parliament.
And over the next 5 years we will invest an extra £2.5 billion in building our global security and intelligence network, employing over 1,900 additional staff at MI5, MI6 and GCHQ and more than doubling our global network of counter-terrorism experts working with priority countries across Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
Mr Speaker, in terms of security here in Westminster, we should be clear first of all that an attacker attempted to break into Parliament and was shot dead within 20 yards of the gates.
If his intention was to gain access to this building, we should be clear that he did not succeed.
The police heroically did their job.
But as is routine, the police together with the House authorities are reviewing the security of the Parliamentary estate, co-ordinated with the Cabinet Office, who have responsibility for the security measures in place around the government secure zone.
All of us in this House have a responsibility for the security and safety of our staff and advice is available for Members who need it.
Mr Speaker, yesterday we saw the worst of humanity, but we will remember the best.
We will remember the extraordinary efforts to save the life of PC Keith Palmer, including those by my Rt Hon Friend the Member for Bournemouth East.
And we will remember the exceptional bravery of our police, security and emergency services who once again ran towards the danger even as they encouraged others to move the other way.
On behalf of the whole country I want to pay tribute to them for the work they have been doing to reassure the public, treat the injured and bring security back to the streets of our capital city.
That they have lost one of their own in yesterday’s attack only makes their calmness and professionalism all the more remarkable.
Mr Speaker, a lot has been said since terror struck London yesterday. Much more will be said in the coming days.
But the greatest response lies not in the words of politicians, but in the everyday actions of ordinary people.
For beyond these walls today – in scenes repeated in towns and cities across the country – millions of people are going about their days and getting on with their lives.
The streets are as busy as ever.
The offices full. The coffee shops and cafes bustling.
As I speak millions will be boarding trains and aeroplanes to travel to London, and to see for themselves the greatest city on Earth.
It is in these actions – millions of acts of normality – that we find the best response to terrorism.
A response that denies our enemies their victory. That refuses to let them win. That shows we will never give in.
A response driven by that same spirit that drove a husband and father to put himself between us and our attacker, and to pay the ultimate price.
A response that says to the men and women who propagate this hate and evil: you will not defeat us.
Mr Speaker, let this be the message from this House and this nation today: our values will prevail.
And I commend this statement to the House.

 

