Essex couple died in Ford Fiesta after breathing in poisonous fumes from the AIR VENTS after car fanatic ‘souped up’ his motor to boost performance
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3140301/essex-couple-dead-car-poisonous-fumes-after-vehicle-modification/
21st March 2017, 12:06 pm
A TRAGIC young couple found dead in a 'souped up' car died after breathing in poisonous fumes from the air vents when a vehicle modification went wrong, an inquest has found.
Nikki Willis, 23, was found in a blue Ford Fiesta in Chelmsford alongside her car enthusiast boyfriend Tom Putt, 20, in December last year.
Facebook16 Nikki Willis, 23 who died in December last year in her boyfriend's Ford Fiesta
Facebook16 Engineering apprentice Tom Putt had carried out a series of alterations to his car
East News Press Agency16 Police initially investigated whether there had been a 'chemical incident'
SWNS:South West News Service16 Ford Fiesta partially covered outside Nikki's family home in Chelsmford, Essex

An inquest today heard that car fanatic Tom, an engineering apprentice, had carried out a series of alterations to the Ford Fiesta to improve its performance.
He had removed the catalytic converter from the exhaust and cut vents into the bonnet.
Tragically, a gap between the exhaust and the engine meant fatal fumes were sucked into the car via its fresh air intakes, the inquest heard.
MOST READ IN NEWS DYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Police initially cordoned off the area suspecting a 'chemical incident' after a potentially noxious substance was detected - but later declared it safe.
The car was found outside the home CeX shop worker Nikki shared with her mum Michelle Hindson, 46, and stepfather Stuart Hindson, 45, back in December.
Today coroner Caroline Beasley-Murray described their deaths as a "tragic, tragic accident".
The hearing at Chelmsford, Essex, was told tests later revealed carbon monoxide levels inside the car had been 1,000 times greater than the safety limit.
Detective Robert Kirby, who investigated the tragedy, said: "A unique set of events came together to allow this tragic incident to happen.
"A gap in the exhaust system where the exhaust meets the engine allowed fumes to escape.
"Compounded by the fact the car had had its catalytic converter removed (which normally dissipates harmful emissions).
"Vents underneath the windscreen wipers then in-took the emissions from the gaps in the bonnet."
Residents told how they had heard the engine of Tom's car running at around 4.30am on Monday, Dec 5.
The alarm was raised at 10.30am.
It is believed the cold weather also allowed the fumes to congregate.

Facebook16 Nikki Willis was found alongside boyfriend Tom Putt
Facebook16 Nikki worked in exchange shop CeX and lived in Chelmsford, Essex
A video of Tom's car backfiring flames was posted to social media just two weeks before their deaths.
Tom regularly posted pictures and videos of his car online, including one showing sparks coming from the exhaust.
Coroner Caroline Beasley- Murray said today: "What a tragic tragic accident. She (Nikki) clearly was a young lady with a bright future in front of her.
"Again another tragic accident (Tom's death). A young man with a bright future in front of him.
"I hope the families will be able to think of the happy memories."
It is believed the pair met to go for food after Nikki finished work on Sunday, December 4, and then drove around Chelmsford before parking outside her home.
Tom drove from his home in Leigh-on-Sea and then took Nikki back to her address in Chelmsford, where they were later found dead.
It is not known how long they were sat in the car for.
Vomit was found outside the vehicle on the driver's side and in front of Nikki's home.
Police have been unable to trace how this would have got there and whether the two left the car and then returned at a later point.
Speaking outside court on behalf of the family and Essex Police, Detective Kirby added: "This was a tragic accident which led to the deaths of Nikki and Tom.
"Tom was not inexperienced. He had been an apprentice with Ford for over a year and had done work on his car previously.
"We would like to encourage people to please consider if modifications are worth the potential consequences."
Facebook16 Tom Putt had been working for Ford as an apprentice for over a year
Facebook16 Friends have paid tribute to Tom, pictured in a Snapchat picture, on social media

Following the tragedy, friends and family paid tribute to the pair and a tribute video showed photographs of them and Tom's cars set to music.
Nikki's cousin Claire Watts said: "My beautiful baby cousin. There are no words to describe how I'm feeling right now.
“I still can't believe you have been taken from us - it's a bitter reminder of how cruel life can be. I will never forget you.”
Mr Putt's Facebook profile said he lived in Leigh-on-Sea, Essex, and worked for Ford Motor Company as an apprentice.
He is believed to have been a member of Essex-based car and bike enthusiasts club SleeperCrew UK, which paid tribute to him on Facebook.
Neighbours said Tom, 20, was regularly seen tinkering with his car outside after following his father, who also works for Ford, into the motoring trade.
Facebook16 Tom posted pictures of his treasured blue Ford Focus on his Facebook page
16 The car featured in a number of pictures on Tom's Facebook page along with pictures of other cars at shows
A woman, who describes herself as a school friend of Nikki, described her as "beautiful inside and out".
Writing on Facebook, she said: "Nikki was a amazing friend and human being, they both had careers each other family and good friends, no depression and no drug abuse, anyone who knew her would know that."
She added that they had both been seen in their work clothes and smiling before they tragically died.
A woman, who saw them but asked not to be named, said she walked past the car on Fox Crescent but thought little of it.
"I saw these two people in this blue Ford Focus... The engine was running and they were chatting.
"The woman was in the passenger seat and the bloke was in the driver's seat.
"I didn't think anything about it. I just carried on walking past."
A neighbour, who lives on the road, reported hearing a loud bang.
She said: "I've been at home all day and I thought 'that bang can't be a firework can it?'
"It sounded like an exhaust."
Facebook16 Nikki lived in a close knit community in Chelmsford, Essex
16 Witnesses say they had seen Nikki chatting to Tom inside the Ford Focus
16 Tributes have been paid to Nikki, who worked at CeX computer shop
SWNS:South West News Service16 Police were called to the scenes shortly before 11am after neighbours reported hearing a loud bang
An eyewitness, who asked to remain anonymous, said: "I just saw two people slumped over in the car, a boy and a girl. Both young-ish from what I could see.
"Apparently the car has been here since at least 9am. It was very shocking. I've never seen anything like it. I got the impression they were dead."
Dramatic pictures showed forensics and fire crews at the scene testing the car as a major investigation was launched into the circumstances surrounding the tragic deaths.
East News Press Agency16 A handbag was seen next to the car, which was covered by a tarpaulin
East News Press Agency16 Forensic teams had to wait for the scene to be declared safe before beginning work
Neither Tom or Nikki's family have made a public statement at this stage.
Both are said to be looking to work with the police to warn people of the dangers involved in car modification.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.

