Great British Benefits Handout star and dad-of-four slams NHS for labelling ‘flat-stomached’ daughter overweight
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2909088/great-british-benefits-star-slams-school/
20th February 2017, 1:23 pm
A REALITY star has slammed a letter labelling his five-year-old daughter overweight – despite her weighing just THREE STONE.
Great British Benefits Handout dad-of-four Scott Gavin, 32, said he was appalled to receive the 'cold' letter after daughter Ellie Mai Gavin was measured at school earlier this month.
Mercury Press4 Furious reality TV star Scott Gavin claims his 'flat-stomached' five-year-old daughter was wrongly branded fat by school nurses
Mercury Press4 Little Ellie Mai Gavin was measured at school earlier this month with a letter sent home branding her 'overweight'
The test placed the youngster at 3st 4lbs and 3ft 5in tall – which according the NHS figures places Ellie Mai in the 96th percentile of the 'overweight' band – almost in the obese category.
Scott, from Kirkby, Merseyside, claims the letter – which tells him his daughter is at risk of future health complications due to her weight – is fundamentally wrong.
Scott, who is also dad to Jake, 11, Robert, nine, Chloe, eight, and with wife Leanne expecting their fifth child, said: "There's nothing wrong with Ellie Mai. She's flat-stomached."
related stories 'We should fat shame’ Weight loss guru says fat nurses should wear badges and body acceptance campaigns are 'poisonous' WEB RANT PAYOUT Man who accused neighbours of having affair must pay £27k for defaming them on Facebook does this boy look obese to you? Mum hits out at health chiefs who branded her five-year-old son FAT after school fitness test put him in 'overweight' category OBESITY BARRIER TO WORK Overweight people on benefits could be forced into meeting with a doctor to help get them back into work 'BULLIES ARE COWARDS' Mum lashes out after claiming son, 12, is regularly 'strangled and punched' at school for weight 
He added: "I think the test was completely wrong. There's no weight on her at all. I don't understand it. The tests must be completely wrong to start with.
"The way the word 'overweight' is just highlighted in bold as well. It's upsetting.
"It needs sorting out. That should not be going on. It's not acceptable, is it? It really upset me to be honest.
"We haven't told Ellie Mai about the letter and what it said, we don't want it upsetting her. She already has it in her head that she is ugly, she comes home from school saying other children have said she is."
Mercury Press4 Great British Benefits Handout star and dad-of-four Scott said the letter was wrong and 'cold'
Ellie Mai was weighed as part of a National Child Measurement Programme assessment at her school on Feb 7.
The test, conducted by the 5 Boroughs Partnership's Children's Community Nursing Service, placed the youngster in the 96th percentile of the 'overweight' band for a five-year-old girl of her measurements.
The National Child Measurement Programme is a Department of Health scheme aims to record the height and weight of children aged between four and five (reception year) and ten and 11 (year six) to pinpoint child obesity trends.
Scott says parents at his daughter's school, Northwood Community Primary School in Kirkby, received a letter before the assessment to ask for permission for the children to be tested.
But the soon-to-be dad-of-five, who owns a large collection of exotic animals, said he is concerned about the long-term psychological effects of telling young children they are overweight.
Though Scott admits that he is overweight, he is adamant his little girl is a healthy size.
And since he shared pictures of Ellie Mai on social media to prove his point, he said he has received a flood of messages from parents who have had similar experiences.
Mercury Press4 Ellie, pictured with her brothers and sisters Jake, Robert and Chloe, has not been told about the letter as her parents think it would upset her
Distressed Scott said: "It's very dangerous. If a child overheard then it could do a lot of damage.
"They aren't thinking about the impact that could have on a child, and if there are any other issues that might be going on.
"We'd signed the consent form and agreed for Ellie Mai to have the test because we thought it's a health test, it's a good thing.
"But by sending that letter they are pushing the blame onto us too. My wife is heavily pregnant as well, she doesn't need the stress of it
"It's the same for other families as well. When I posted the picture to social media I was shocked at how many people responded to it and said they had been through the same thing.
"One mum told me that her ten-year-old daughter had overheard that she was 'overweight' and would eat nothing but rice for weeks.
"I'm more upset than angry. It's something that needs addressing."
WHAT IS THE NATIONAL CHILD MEASUREMENT PROGRAMME? 
The National Child Measurement Programme (NCMP) measures the height and weight of children in reception class (aged four to five years) and year six (aged 10 to 11 years) to assess overweight and obesity levels in children within primary schools. This data can be used at a national level to support local public health initiatives and inform the local planning and delivery of services for children.
The NCMP was set up in line with the Government's strategy to tackle obesity and to inform local planning and delivery of services for children, gather population-level data to allow analysis of trends in growth patterns and obesity, increase public and professional understanding of weight issues in children and be a vehicle for engaging with children and families about healthy lifestyles and weight issues.
Children's heights and weights are measured and used to calculate a Body Mass Index (BMI) centile. The measurement process is overseen by trained healthcare professionals in schools.


