Mum who was STERILISED at 25 after having three kids pays £3.5k to reverse op at 36 when she falls in love with new man – and then has two more children
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/2907687/mum-who-was-sterilised-at-25-after-having-three-kids-pays-3-5k-to-reverse-op-at-39-when-she-falls-in-love-with-new-man-and-then-has-two-more-children/
20th February 2017, 11:35 am
A MUM opted for sterilisation when she was 25 – but later regretted it.
Sterilisation is a permanent procedure to prevent further pregnancies, and for Leanne Drummond, now 39, it felt like the right choice after three children.
Phoenix Features9 When Leanne fell in love with Paul, pictured on their wedding day, she knew she had made a mistake
But when she fell in love with a new man, she realised she’d made a mistake.
Leanne said: “I was so sure I’d never want any more children that I was sterilised when my third child was six months old.
“It might seem like a drastic decision, but I was 100 per cent sure I was doing the right thing.
Phoenix Features9 Leanne already had three kids from a previous relationship. Pictured, Emma, Sophie and Thomas with new baby Matilda
“Doctors didn’t question me. I may have only been 25, but I was in a long term relationship and had three kids.
“They warned me it was near impossible to reverse but I didn’t ever want to reverse it.
“After I was sterilised, it was like a weight off my mind.
“I was glad I did it. In fact, right up until the day I met Paul, I was glad I did it.
“Then, when I fell for Paul, I would have done anything to undo the decision.”
In the summer of 2012, three years after breaking up with her ex, Leanne started talking to Paul Drummond, 33, on dating app, Plenty of Fish.
At first, Leanne was apprehensive about getting involved with him.
She wasn’t looking for a meaningless one night stand and as Paul was younger than her, she wasn’t sure they would want the same things.
Leanne added: “I had three beautiful children, Emma, now 19, Sophie, now 17 and Thomas, now 15.
“Paul didn’t have any kids. I’d presumed if I did fall in love again, it would be with someone who also already had kids.
“Because there was no way I’d be able to have any more children.”
What is sterilisation? (From NHS Choices)

Female sterilisation is effective in 99 per cent of cases.
The operation is performed under general anaesthetic and involves cutting, blocking or sealing the fallopian tubes.
It is very difficult to reverse and the NHS are reluctant to offer it to any women under the age of 30.
There is no guarantee that you will successfully conceive after reversing sterilisation.


Leanne was left feeling unsure whether or not Paul wanted kids and worried that if he did, she would be unable to give him any.
But, after flirting for a while, Leanne couldn’t stop thinking about Paul and in December 2012 finally plucked up the courage to meet up with him at a local pub.
Leanne said: “We talked for hours and it felt so effortless. We agreed to meet again the next night and shared our first kiss.”
The pair grew closer and closer and Leanne decided that she needed to ask her new man the question she’d been dreading - did he want kids?
She added: “I wanted to be honest from the off because there was no point getting emotionally attached to someone I couldn’t have a future with.
“I asked if he hoped to have children of his own one day and his eyes lit up as he said he definitely would.
“I had to break it to him that I’d been sterilised. It was too late.”
Leanne remembers Paul looked deeply saddened by her confession and she wondered if this would put an end to their short-lived romance.
RELATED STORIESGRITTY SCRIPTS Call the Midwife stars open up about their toughest ever storylines in series six 'THEY'RE THE BOMB!' Mum says her twin boys are proof parents shouldn't fear having kids with Down's syndrome RECORD BREAKER British pensioner, 81, is thought to be oldest person in the world with Down's Syndrome 'Life feels like a sitcom' Bridget Jones actress Sally Phillips says her son with Down's syndrome brings happiness not tragedy 
However, just a few days later, Paul called her and told her that he’d been researching sterilisation and had discovered that it could be reversed.
While there was no guarantee it would be successful, there was hope.
Leanne said: “I was touched that he’d researched it himself, it showed he really wanted to be with me.
“Our feelings for each other were hard to hide.”
By February 2013 the loved-up couple had moved in together and in August of the same year Leanne, then 36, underwent the reversal procedure.
The operation isn’t available on the NHS and Leanne paid £3,500 to go private.
The procedure involved removing the clipped part of her fallopian tubes and re-joining the ends and Leanne was kept in hospital for three days.
Leanne said: “We stopped using contraception and every month I’d take a pregnancy test, just in case.
“But it was always a negative result.”
But the couple didn’t give up hope.
In June 2014, Paul and Leanne tied the knot in a boutique hotel in Cottingham, with Leanne’s son Thomas as their pageboy and her daughters as bridesmaids.
The newlyweds then jetted off to Egypt for a week-long honeymoon.
On their return, Leanne noticed that she felt sick and, although they had always been negative, decided to take a pregnancy test.
But, things were about to change – the test was positive.
Leanne said:  “When a faint line appeared, I ran to Paul.
“He was so excited; he rushed out to get another test just to be sure.
“The kids were so happy for us, Thomas hoping he’d get a little brother.
While an early blood test suggested a one in 225 chance that their baby might have Down’s syndrome, Leanne declined further testing.
Phoenix Features9 Leanne pictured with her daughter, Matilda
Both she and Paul agreed it wasn’t necessary, adding “we already loved this baby, no matter what”.
At the 20 week scan, Leanne and Paul found out that they were expecting a little girl.
Their bundle of joy had been due in March 2015 but, in that January, Leanne’s placenta erupted and she was rushed for a C-section.
On January 11, their baby daughter Matilda Peaches was born, weighing just 2lb 8oz.
An hour after her delivery they were allowed to visit Matilda.
She added: “They’d covered her face with a breathing mask and a hat so we couldn’t really see her.
“Eventually a consultant mentioned they were testing for Down’s syndrome.
“Remembering the way her tongue had been sticking out, I knew that she did have the condition.”
Doctors later confirmed that Matilda did have the condition.
Phoenix Features9 At the 20 week scan, Leanne and Paul found out that they were expecting a little girl
Leanne said: “I allowed myself a quick cry. But Matilda was premature and fighting for her life - that was all that mattered.
“Those strong lungs of hers only needed assistance for one day then she was breathing on her own.
“I wanted to be strong just like her.”
After a few days, Leanne was finally able to cuddle Matilda for the first time.
The tiny tot was covered in tubes and wires but still showed fighting spirit.
Leanne said: “She put her tiny hand on my chest and peered up at me. With dark hair and blue eyes that sparkled, she looked at me as if to bravely say: ‘I’m OK!’
“Paul and I gazed at her, promising that we’d give her the best life.”
Phoenix Features9 Adorable Matilda defied all expectations and even started to crawl before she reached a year-old
Phoenix Features9 Little Matilda spent 11 weeks in the neonatal intensive care unit. Pictured, Leanne and Paul holding Matilda
Phoenix Features9 Paul and Leanne say that Matilda has taught them that Down’s syndrome is not a bad thing
Little Matilda spent 11 weeks in the neonatal intensive care unit and, once she was strong enough, Leanne’s older children all came to meet her, with all of them adoring their little sister.
Leanne said: “Specialists warned us not to expect Matilda to meet her milestones at the same speed as ‘average’ children.
“It made us all the more determined to prove them wrong.”
But Matilda was determined too, defying all expectations and even walking at just one and a half years old.
Back home, local charities and online support groups became the family’s lifeline.
The family learned Makaton, a type of sign language, so that they would be able communicate with Matilda as she got older.
Curious and adventurous, little Matilda even started to crawl before she reached a year-old.
Leanne added: "Matilda is two now and on January 5 this year, I gave birth to Myles, a little brother for Matilda.
Phoenix Features9 Adorable Matilda is a curious and adventurous little girl who has defied all expectations
Phoenix Features9 Matilda became a big sister to a little brother, Myles, born January this year
“I didn’t have any tests for Down’s syndrome because I don’t like the way they make parents feel like it’s a bad thing.
“Matilda has taught us Down’s syndrome is wonderful.
“I was sterilised because I was sure I’d never change my mind about wanting more kids. But I was wrong - I was nowhere near done being a mum.”
For more information about Down’s syndrome, visit www.futureofdowns.com, an online community offering friendly support for parents and an up to date, balanced view of life with the condition.

