Blue stars spill the beans on their turbulent 16-year career in a tell-all book… from Duncan James’ tribute to Tara Palmer-Tomkinson and wild parties
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/2904046/blue-autobiography-wild-parties-tour-duncan-james-lee-ryan-simon-webbe-antony-costa/
19th February 2017, 8:57 pm
FEW stars have endured as many ups and downs as BLUE – and finally the boys are spilling the beans on their turbulent 16-year career in a tell-all autobiography.
LEE RYAN, DUNCAN JAMES, SIMON WEBBE and ANTONY COSTA haven’t held back on their tales of wild partying on the road.
But after a sneak preview I can reveal the lads don’t gloss over tough times either.
Getty Images19 All rise . . . Blue stars Antony Costa, Lee Ryan, Duncan James and Simon Webbe are back with a tell
Duncan, who will lead tributes to tragic TARA PALMER-TOMKINSON at her funeral next week, uses the book to pay homage to his best friend and his touching memories bring a tear to the eye.
He writes: “We   were  like two naughty little school-children.
"I’d never had a friend like her.
"We ­definitely brought out the mischievous side in each other. No one was safe!”
Getty Images19 Touching tribute . . . Duncan James with tragic socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson

Other tough topics tackled by the boys include Simon opening up about his secret battle with depression — which even left him ­contemplating suicide.
And Lee tells all about his throat cancer scare which left him unable to perform for almost 18 months.
Of course the guys are back on a high now, with Lee recently joining EASTENDERS as a new Albert Square bad boy, and ­Duncan flying high in HOLLYOAKS — while I recently told how Simon is engaged to girlfriend Ayshen Kemal.
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Boys back in town . . . Blue spill the beans
A source said: “This book has more highs and lows than Game Of Thrones, and almost as much drama.
“They really enjoyed opening up — they’ve been through some real tough times both individually and as a band.”
The many celebrity anecdotes include Simon’s unexpected encounter with MICHAEL JACKSON and Antony’s friendship with GEORGE MICHAEL.

And Lee insists many of his more outrageous claims over the years were made up for a laugh, but admits: “No wonder I still get ­messages from ­people saying, ‘Good voice — shame he’s as daft as a brush’.”
Lee also admits that on a trip to 10 Downing Street, he handed a joke sweet to then PM Tony Blair’s wife Cherie which cheekily dyed her mouth blue.
Not daft at all then.

READ ON FOR THE REST OF DAN WOOTTON'S BIZARRE COLUMN

LeAnn's proposal
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Born to be romantic . . . LeAnn Rimes performs live in London
MOST people propose over a romantic meal or at the place they first met.
But I helped a couple go one better than that on Saturday night, ensuring their engagement was a truly showbiz affair thanks to the incredible LEANN RIMES.
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Shed a tear . . . Robert Paladino proposes live on stage
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Backstage bliss . . . Dan Wootton meets LeAnn Rimes and two lucky fans
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Word of love . . . LeAnn Rimes shares her advice for the happy couple
After winning a special competition in Bizarre and weeks of ­secret planning, reader Robert Paladino got down on one knee on the stage during her sold out concert at the ­London Palladium to ask his ­partner of three years, Lewis Betts, to marry him.
And the response came as a huge relief for everyone in the audience, myself included – as Lewis said yes.
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Superstar . . . LeAnn Rimes perform new single Outrageous Love
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 On top . . . LeAnn Rimes serenades the happy couple after our competition
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Wowing the crowd . . . LeAnn Rimes performs tracks from her new album Remnants
Speaking moments before popping the question, Robert said: “I set up this whole thing with LeAnn and Dan ­Wootton from Bizarre.
"I’ve come backstage, I’ve told my boyfriend I’ve gone to the toilet.
"I’m going to go out there and ­propose to him on stage.”
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Congratulations . . . LeAnn Rimes is thrilled for the pair
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Hugs all round . . . LeAnn Rimes hugs the happy pair
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Pucker up . . . happy pair share a romantic moment
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Moment of love . . . Robert pops the question to his partner
LeAnn was a great sport and even serenaded the couple on stage with new single Outrageous Love, taken from her latest album Remnants.
I caught up with LeAnn and the happy couple after the gig and she admitted: “I’m glad you said yes because if you’d have said no, it would have been really f***** up.”
That’s the understatement of the year. Congratulations!

RELATED STORIESDRESSED TO KILL Killing Eve's Jodie Comer spotted in killer outfit on set of her new movie ASH IS TIP TOP Ashley Roberts ready to serve a treat for fans in West End musical Waitress ExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser 'INAPPROPRIATE' Natalie Portman slams 'creepy' Moby for making move on her when she was 18 NAUGHTY & SPICE Spice Girls hit by hack after reworked version of Wannabe leaks online HURTFUL THINGS Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown 'was bullied relentlessly at school' READY FOR AFTERS Ainsley Harriott and James Martin in talks to bring back Ready Steady Cook LOOSE WOMAN Loose Women star Coleen Nolan reveals she once had sex in a car park ExclusiveSINGER'S BOMBSHELL X Factor’s Tracyleanne Jefford diagnosed with skin cancer on her nose ExclusiveKELLY ON THE COBBLES Lorraine Kelly will make a guest appearance as herself on Corrie 
She's Mad about the kids
Getty Images19 Truly, Madly, Deeply . . . Madonna shares cute snaps of her adopted children
IT has been little over a week since MADONNA adopted twin girls from Malawi, but she’s already training them up in the family business.
She shared an adorable video of Stella and Esther Mwale on Instagram giving a passionate performance of Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
Instagram / Madonna19 Having fun . . . Stella and Esther Mwale

But the pop queen faced criticism after their dad Adam said he had believed she was only fostering them.
He says he thought the girls would be returned to Malawi after being given a good US education.
Drake's Kan 'n' Grammy slamDRAKE won two Grammys this year, thanks to mega-hit Hotline Bling – but now he’s accused the ceremony of racism.
He told Beats1: “Even though Hotline Bling is not a rap song, the only category they can ­manage to fit me in is a rap ­category.
"Maybe because I’ve rapped in the past or because I’m black, I can’t figure out why.
“I won two awards but I don’t even want them, because it just feels weird for some reason.”
And Drake pulled no punches when talking of his one-time pal KANYE WEST, who ranted about him on stage last year.
He said: “I’m not really sure what he’s referring to half the time because, in the same breath, I went from working on a project with him to him sort of, like, publicly s**tting on me.”

Gaz Girls bid
Getty Images19 Take What? . . . Gary Barlow set to work on new album with Disney
GARY BARLOW has worked with LULU, ROBBIE WILLIAMS and ELTON JOHN. And now he is in line for another impressive collaboration – this time with Disney.
I’ve learned he is in talks to release an album with the company featuring the heartwarming music from his hit stage ­musical The Girls, which has its gala opening tonight at the Phoenix Theatre in London’s West End.
A source said: “It’s a massively ­exciting opportunity for Gary to take the music even further.
"Working with Disney would be huge, and it is eager to develop future projects with him.”
Gary will also be releasing TAKE THAT’s eighth studio album Wonderland next month, featuring single Giants which came out on Friday. With all this new music, fans are in for a treat.
Blondie rock onNO one can accuse BLONDIE of slowing down, despite more than 40 years on the job.They have just announced they will perform at London’s Roundhouse on May 3 – two days before the release of 11th album Pollinator. Giving fans a taste of what to expect, today they have unveiled new tune My Monster which was penned by SMITHS guitarist JOHNNY MARR. He said: “It was an honour to be asked to do something special for Blondie. I wrote My Monster especially for them. I think it’s turned out great.” They’ve also teamed up with SIA and CHARLI XCX on the album. That’s right up my street.

Millie Mack's in love shack
Getty Images19 Back again . . . Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor have moved in together
A LOT can change in a year – and no one knows that better than PROFESSOR GREEN and MILLIE MACKINTOSH.
Almost a year to the day after The Sun on Sunday revealed that their two-and-a-half-year marriage was over, socialite Millie has moved in with boyfriend HUGO TAYLOR.
She shared a photo with the reality star on Instagram writing: “My new roomie”.
But I doubt Pro is down in the dumps about the situation.
His romance with model Fae Williams is going strong after I revealed in November that they were dating.
In fact he’s even joked that he and his new love had got engaged on ­Valentine’s Day.
Millie and Pro were granted their quickie divorce last May – two months after she got back together with Hugo, who she dated on Made In Chelsea.
All I can hope is that she waits a while before tying the knot again.

Bizmeter
19 Dan's diary . . . clockwise from left: Dev Patel, Ricky Gervais, Emma Watson and Ed Sheeran
MONDAY 
RICKY GERVAIS is in London for a work-in-progress gig.
After the success of his film David Brent: Life On The Road, the Bafta award-winning comic is back on stage at the Arts Depot in Finchley on Monday, trying new material on willing guinea pigs ahead of his Humanity tour, which starts tomorrow.
WEDNESDAY
IT’S a massive day in showbiz as the Brits sort the winners from the mere contenders.
DERMOT O’LEARY and EMMA WILLIS host proceedings between performances by ED SHEERAN and the night’s honorary Brit, KATY PERRY.
Expect a tear-jerking tribute to the late GEORGE MICHAEL too.
THURSDAY
DISNEY’S biggest film  of the year is finally here as Beauty And The Beast premieres in London.
Home-grown stars including EMMA WATSON, EMMA THOMPSON and IAN McKELLEN will walk the red carpet in London before catching the live-action adaptation of the animated classic.
SUNDAY
THE week comes to a thumping climax with the Oscars.
After seven wins at the Golden Globes, La La Land is expected to scoop Best Picture, though don’t rule out Lion starring Britain’s own DEV PATEL.
CASEY AFFLECK and EMMA STONE are good bets for leading man and woman gongs. Can’t wait.

— HARRY POTTER And The Cursed Child won eight gongs at the WhatsOnStage awards, including Best Actor In A Play for JAMIE PARKER  in the title role and Best Supporting Actress for NOMA DUMEZWENI, who plays Hermione.
— HARD-UP music fans are in luck. Today sees the launch of  new festival Community in London’s Finsbury Park on July  1.
It will feature THE WOMBATS, CATFISH AND THE BOTTLEMEN and SLAVES. Tickets will be just £35.

