Appeal to raise £50k for children of couple who died after heart-breaking pic reaches more than £200k
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2857984/appeal-to-raise-50k-for-children-of-couple-who-died-after-heart-breaking-pic-reaches-200k/
14th February 2017, 8:15 am
AN appeal to raise £50,000 for three children whose parents died of cancer within days has smashed more than £200,000.
At least 10,000 people have pledged cash on a JustGiving page to help Luke, 21, Hannah, 18, and Oliver Bennet, 13, after their parents Mike and Julie Bennet passed away last week.
Facebook15 Mike and Julie Bennet held hands as they lay dying of cancer - this picture was taken just hours before he passed away
Facebook15 Luke, 21, Hannah, 18, and Oliver Bennet, 13, will be taken care of by the community, a family friend said
15 Julie Bennet and her husband Mike said their final goodbye to their children Luke, 21, Hannah, 18, and Oliver, 13 after an unthinkable double terminal cancer diagnosis
Family pals launched the fundraising page so the kids, from Irby on the Wirral, can keep their home and continue their studies.
A heartbreaking photograph of their parents holding hands was taken just hours before cabinet maker Mike, 57, died on Monday at Arrowe Park Hospital after battling brain cancer first diagnosed in 2014.
Their mum, Julie, 50, died on Saturday at nearby St John’s Hospice.
The former primary school teacher had been diagnosed with liver and kidney cancer last May.
Their children were said last night to be touched that the £50,000 target to help them has been smashed.
Facebook15 The couple in happier times, before double cancer diagnosis that changed their lives forever
Facebook15 A fundraising page set up to raise funds for the three children sadly left behind after their parents both died of cancer has smashed more than £200,000
15 The family, pictured together at Christmas, have been touched by the kind donations by strangers to help support them through their studies
15 Julie had been diagnosed with liver and kidney cancer last May while her husband Mike was suffering from brain cancer
Facebook15 Julie and Mike Bennet pictured on their wedding day in - they tragically died of cancer just days apart
In a statement, Luke said: “My brother, sister and I are overwhelmed by the enormous support and generosity we have received from so many friends and well-wishers.
"Mum has appreciated all the help from close friends in supporting the family over the last three years through difficult times and it would be a huge relief to her to know this support will continue."
Related storiesExclusive'I'm trying everything' Britain's most famous porn star Ben Dover reveals he is battling bladder cancer HE'S BACK! Michael Buble reduces fans to tears as he returns to music after son Noah's cancer diagnosis with poignant video featuring young boy 'SHE WON'T BE FORGOTTEN' Family call for change in cervical cancer screening age as mum, 25, dies after battle with disease 'GO GET CHECKED' Alexander Armstrong undergoes LIVE testicular cancer check on This Morning MYSTERY GENE DEATH Care worker who beat cancer dies from ultra rare disorder that affects just one in six billion people 
Family spokesperson, Heather Gallagher, said: "The kids are so overwhelmed by the love and support that has been demonstrated, and they want to share their heartfelt thanks to everyone who has made this possible.
"It has meant that their lovely mum could go peacefully to join their dad Mike, who passed earlier this week."
Oliver, 13, Hannah, 18, and Luke, 21, shared the tragic image as a tribute to the love and dedication of their parents.
Family friend Heather Gallagher said: "Words cannot express our desperate sadness for such a beautiful family.
Facebook15 Their children were said last night to be touched that the £50,000 target to help them has been smashed
Facebook15 Julie poses for Snapchat selfie with her daughter Hannah before she tragically passed away after nearly a year of battling cancer
Facebook15 The Bennet children have been overwhelmed by the support after donations from more than 9,000 people poured in
JustGiving15 Oliver, 13, Hannah, 18, and Luke, 21, now face an uncertain future
Facebook15 Cabinet maker Mike, 57, pictured with wife Julie, died last Monday after battling brain cancer first diagnosed in 2014
"The Bennets are known to all for their generosity, their love for life, and their down to earth approach."
Friend Sue Wright said: “I told her the community would come together to help look after her kids - and she opened her eyes and smiled."
In a post on the JustGiving page, its creator Claire Knight wrote: "All your support is amazing. A huge thank you for all your kindness on behalf of Luke, Hannah and Oliver."
Facebook15 Luke and his siblings paid tribute to their parents in a heartfelt post on JustGiving
Facebook15 The three children, who all enjoy theatre, said their mum took a 'great amount of comfort from knowing we are being supported so well'
 
Julie Bennet cared for her husband Mike after discovering he had a brain tumour in 2013.
But in a cruel twist of fate the primary school teacher at Somerville School in Wallasey was also diagnosed with cancer in May 2016.
The disease had spread from her liver and kidney to other organs.
Friends promised to take care of the children and began the fundraising page with a £50,000 target - which was smashed within days.
The children are keen performers with eldest child Luke studying at the Liverpool Theatre School and Hannah attending Elliot Clarke while Oliver is at high school.
Friends say the couple supported their talented children and encouraged their interests in acting and dancing from a young age.
Donations are intended to help the kids, who have no nearby family in Wirral, to continue their passion for theatre.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368


