Over £130,000 raised for children of tragic cancer couple pictured holding hands in hospital beds
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2852851/over-130000-raised-children-tragic-cancer-couple-holding-hands/
13th February 2017, 12:45 pm
THOUSANDS have been raised for the children of a couple pictured holding hands for the last time as they lay dying from terminal cancer.
The photo of Mike and Julie Bennet was taken just days before the father-of-three died,  Julie died five days later.
Facebook6 The husband and wife hold hands as they lie dying of cancer
Facebook6 The three children will be taken care of by the community, a family friend said
Facebook6 The couple in happier times
Oliver, 13, Hannah, 18, and Luke, 21, shared the tragic image as a tribute to the love and dedication of their parents.
Since the poignant photograph was released a fund has been set up to help the children, and has raised more than £100,000.
Family friend Heather Heaton Gallagher said they were "astounded" and "couldn't believe it".
The money raised will be used to help them through college and university.
Dad Mike, 57, of Liverpool, was diagnosed with a brain tumour in 2013 and was looked after at home by Julie and their kids.
Related storiesExclusive'I'm trying everything' Britain's most famous porn star Ben Dover reveals he is battling bladder cancer HE'S BACK! Michael Buble reduces fans to tears as he returns to music after son Noah's cancer diagnosis with poignant video featuring young boy 'SHE WON'T BE FORGOTTEN' Family call for change in cervical cancer screening age as mum, 25, dies after battle with disease 'GO GET CHECKED' Alexander Armstrong undergoes LIVE testicular cancer check on This Morning MYSTERY GENE DEATH Care worker who beat cancer dies from ultra rare disorder that affects just one in six billion people 
Then in 2016 Julie, 50, a primary school teacher, was diagnosed with breast cancer in May 2016.
The disease spread to her other organs, including her liver and kidneys, reports the Mirror.
Heather, a spokesperson for the children, said: "Words cannot express our desperate sadness for such a beautiful family.
JustGiving6 Oliver, 13, Hannah, 18, and Luke, 21, now face an uncertain future
Facebook6 Luke and his siblings paid tribute to their parents
Facebook6 The three children all enjoy theatre
"The Bennets are known to all for their generosity, their love for life, and their down to earth approach.
Friend Sue Wright said: “I told her the community would come together to help look after her kids - and she opened her eyes and smiled."
In a post on a justgiving page set up to support the family, Oliver, Hannah and Luke wrote: "We just want to say a huge thank you to everyone who has donated and sent their support in this difficult time; we really appreciate it and would like everyone to know that our mum takes a great amount of comfort from knowing that we are being supported so well by friends, family and kind-hearted strangers. Thank you again x"

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368


