Terminally ill mum pictured holding hands with her dying husband in hospital beds after double cancer diagnosis dies just five days after him
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2847969/terminally-ill-mum-pictured-holding-hands-with-her-dying-husband-in-hospital-beds-after-double-cancer-diagnosis-dies-just-five-days-after-him/
12th February 2017, 9:35 pm
A TERMINALLY ill mum who was snapped holding hands with her dying husband as they lay in hospital has passed away just five days after him. 
Julie Bennet, 50, died after midnight on Saturday, leaving behind her kids Luke, 21, Hannah, 18, and Oliver, 13.
Facebook6 The husband and wife held hands as they lay dying of cancer
Family spokesperson, Heather Gallagher, said: "We are all incredibly sad this morning as we come to terms with Julie's passing, however she died knowing that people from our community and all over the UK and around the world have come together to support her children as the JustGiving page has reached over £64,000.
"The kids are so overwhelmed by the love and support that has been demonstrated, and they want to share their heartfelt thanks to everyone who has made this possible.
"It has meant that their lovely mum could go peacefully to join their dad Mike, who passed earlier this week."
Facebook6 The three children will be taken care of by the community, a family friend said
Facebook6 The couple in happier times, before double cancer diagnosis that changed their lives forever
The photo of Mike and Julie was taken just days before the father-of-three died.
Oliver, 13, Hannah, 18, and Luke, 21, shared the tragic image as a tribute to the love and dedication of their parents.
Dad Mike, 57, of Liverpool, was diagnosed with a brain tumour in 2013 and was looked after at home by Julie and their kids.
Related storiesExclusive'I'm trying everything' Britain's most famous porn star Ben Dover reveals he is battling bladder cancer HE'S BACK! Michael Buble reduces fans to tears as he returns to music after son Noah's cancer diagnosis with poignant video featuring young boy 'SHE WON'T BE FORGOTTEN' Family call for change in cervical cancer screening age as mum, 25, dies after battle with disease 'GO GET CHECKED' Alexander Armstrong undergoes LIVE testicular cancer check on This Morning MYSTERY GENE DEATH Care worker who beat cancer dies from ultra rare disorder that affects just one in six billion people 
Then in 2016 Julie, 50, a primary school teacher, was diagnosed with breast cancer in May 2016.
The disease spread to her other organs, including her liver and kidneys, reports the Mirror.
Heather Gallagher said: "Words cannot express our desperate sadness for such a beautiful family.
JustGiving6 Oliver, 13, Hannah, 18, and Luke, 21, now face an uncertain future
Facebook6 Luke and his siblings paid tribute to their parents in a heartfelt post on JustGiving
Facebook6 The three children, who all enjoy theatre, said their mum took a 'great amount of comfort from knowing we are being supported so well'
"The Bennets are known to all for their generosity, their love for life, and their down to earth approach."
Friend Sue Wright said: “I told her the community would come together to help look after her kids - and she opened her eyes and smiled."
In a post on a JustGiving page set up to support the family, Oliver, Hannah and Luke wrote: "We just want to say a huge thank you to everyone who has donated and sent their support in this difficult time.
"We really appreciate it and would like everyone to know that our mum takes a great amount of comfort from knowing that we are being supported so well by friends, family and kind-hearted strangers. Thank you again x."

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368


