Single mum-of-three gets stunning floral tattoo to cover up breast cancer scars and ends up falling for the artist that inked her
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/2740818/single-mum-of-three-gets-stunning-floral-tattoo-to-cover-up-breast-cancer-scars-and-ends-up-falling-for-the-artist-that-inked-her/
30th January 2017, 7:07 pm
A SINGLE mum-of-three who got a floral tattoo to cover up her mastectomy surgery scars has found love with the man who inked her.
Nina Cristinacce was given the devastating news she had breast cancer in 2010 at the age of just 37 - two years after her mum had died of ovarian cancer.
Cancer Research7 Nina Cristinacce was given the devastating news she had breast cancer in 2010 at the age of just 37
Having split from her partner of seven years, she worried no one would ever find her attractive again after going under the knife to have her tumour removed.
But when she met tattoo artist Shane Sunday, 42, in 2013, everything changed and now Nina claims cancer changed her life "for the better".
Nina, a former chef originally from Reading, Berkshire, first discovered she had cancer in her left breast after finding a pea-sized lump in the shower while she was visiting dad George in France.
She told how she counts herself as "lucky" as she felt it while washing with her hands, having left her sponge at home.

Nina, now 44 and living in Belfast, underwent eight hours of surgery to get rid of the tumour, which was followed by six rounds of agonising chemotherapy, during which she lost her hair and was so sore that she was bed-bound for days.
Her operation was immediately followed by reconstruction surgery, using tissue from her back, which meant her left breast was smaller than the healthy right one.
The years that followed were a constant struggle as she battled to bring up her three children - Emma, then eight, Ryan, seven, and Alex, five - alone.
Cancer Research7 Nina, now 44 and living in Belfast, underwent eight hours of surgery to get rid of the tumour
Not only that, she couldn't imagine she would ever find love again.
She told the Mirror: "After the surgery, I was so scarred and unhappy with my body I thought, ‘How is anyone every going to find me in the slightest bit attractive?'
"I didn’t want to get to the stage where I cared about someone but they felt revulsion towards my body."
Thankfully Nina's friends, family and local community rallied round to support her, helping out with household chores, taking the kids to school and even leaving food parcels on her doorstep.
She admitted: "It really restores your faith in humanity. I was angry and shocked by the diagnosis and constantly asked, ‘Why me?’ But I had to get on with everything for the kids.
“My best friend Alison Campbell, who was there when I was diagnosed, was amazing and a real source of support. I don’t know what I would have done without her."
Cancer Research7 Nina, pictured with tattoo artist Shane Sunday, admitted she couldn't imagine ever finding love again
Three years later, in order to try to boost her self confidence, Nina came up with the idea of getting a tattoo to mark her scars.
She planned it would run from her thigh, across her abdomen, round her back and up to her reconstructed left breast.
Nina reasoned: "Being single, I thought, ‘If I can’t look at my breast, why would anyone else ever want to look at me?'
"But when my dad also died of cancer and my godparents were then also diagnosed with terminal cancer shortly after my dad’s death, I thought enough is enough.
"I knew I had to celebrate my life and commemorate those who I had lost."
Her idea was to tattoo the parts of her body that she didn’t like to look at, and she came up with a design which featured sunflowers and poppies running up one side from her thigh, over her ribs, up to her reconstructed breast and spilling over onto her back.
She explained: "I thought it might help me like myself a bit more, perhaps start dating and feeling comfortable with someone again.
Carrie Davenport7 Nina, pictured outside the tattoo parlour she now co-owns with Shane, told how she thought the inking would give her a confidence boost
"People always ask me, ‘Why a tattoo?’ I had been on dates and on dating sites but you have to feel comfortable with someone to show them your body, especially considering how I felt about my own. So the tattoo was empowering for me."
After looking around online, the work of local tattoo artist Shane 42, caught Nina's eye.
She visited the married dad-of-two's parlour for a consultation in 2013 and he brought her idea to life.
Nina told how she was very nervous, but Shane totally put her at ease.
She said: "I showed him my scars on our first appointment. I almost expect people to gasp, but there was no reaction from him other than immediately starting to think creatively about where this sunflower could go, or where this poppy could be placed."
Cancer Research7 Nina admitted it was an uphill struggle bringing up her three children on her own
During their long inking sessions, Nina and Shane got on like a house on fire.
She admitted: "Because of the nature of where the tattoo was, I was always half-naked in his studio, so my self-consciousness was completely taken away.
"He has only ever shown complete admiration for my body."
Related Stories'BREASTFEEDING SAVED MY LIFE' Mum discovers 'blocked milk duct' is actually aggressive breast cancer while feeding her baby top check for cancer New breath test could save thousands of lives a year by spotting deadly cancers early ExclusiveCANCER TEEN'S BUILDER MISERY Teen cancer victim living in house with no heating and leaking roof after builders 'drank £11k of parents' money in the pub' CANCER HEROINE DIES Blogger Hannah Lyson, 20, loses cancer battle days after being honoured with Hero of Heroes award ExclusiveJez's jam Two failed marriages, gambling, a cheating wife & now ex is furious over secret affair with nanny... is it time Jeremy Kyle was a guest on his OWN show? 
The pair started getting closer, and eventually Shane admitted he had separated from his wife.
Realising they had fallen for each other, Nina and Shane finally shared a kiss.
They agreed to take things slowly, but after a few months of dating Shane moved in with Nina and her kids - and they're not ruling out marriage in the future.
Cancer Research7 Shane and Nina aren't ruling out marriage in the future
They now own a tattoo studio together in Belfast, called Alternative Ink.
Nina's inking was finished last year, which coincided with her being discharged from the breast clinic.
Despite the fact she will need to have annual mammograms until she is 50 and take breast cancer drug Tamoxifen for five years, Nina views the experience as a positive one.
She explained: "Everyone asks me when I got the all-clear, and it’s a good question because I haven’t really.
"But Shane and I have invested so much in our future.
Cancer Research7 To help celebrate World Cancer Day this Saturday, Nina has gathered together her children, Shane, his youngest son Cash, and Alison – her so-called ‘Cancer Squad’ – to plant flowers similar to her tattoo in her youngest son Alex’s school garden
"If I’d never had cancer, I never would have met him. Cancer changed my life for the better.
"Whenever you have anything that happens to you in life which really makes you stand up and take notice – like my cancer, my decision to have a tattoo, and walking into Shane’s parlour that day – you’ve got to grab it with both hands.
"I thought, ‘What am I waiting for?’ Life is too short."
Nina is supporting World Cancer Day 2017...On February 4, World Cancer Day, wear a Unity Band or donate Right Now to play your part in one incredible #ActOfUnity to beat cancer sooner.
The Cancer Research UK Unity Band will be available online and in Cancer Research UK shops for a suggested donation of £2.

Now, to help celebrate World Cancer Day this Saturday, Nina has gathered together her children, Shane, his youngest son Cash, and Alison – her so-called ‘Cancer Squad’ – to plant flowers similar to her tattoo in her youngest son Alex’s school garden.
You too can get involved! Join the #ActOfUnity Right Now at cruk.org/worldcancerday
Earlier today we told how a mum discovered her ‘blocked milk duct’ was actually aggressive breast cancer while feeding her baby girl.

