Brave woman reveals how sexual assaults from the age of SIX scarred her childhood – and drove her to attempt suicide at 16
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/2713101/brave-woman-reveals-how-sexual-assaults-from-the-age-of-six-scarred-her-childhood-and-drove-her-to-attempt-suicide-at-16/
26th January 2017, 4:07 pm
A BRAVE woman has revealed how being sexually assaulted by her sick step-brother from the age of six drove her to attempt suicide.
Christie Comrie, 21, from Aberdeen, was subjected to years of horrifying abuse at the hands of Daniel Comrie, which drove her to depression.
Christie Comrie12 Christie Comrie, pictured, has revealed how being sexually assaulted by her sick step-brother from the age of six drove her to attempt suicide
Christie was five years old when her mum Tracey began dating Robbie Comrie. He had two sons, aged four and six, from a previous relationship.
Christie welcomed the trio into the family and eagerly anticipated the weekends when the boys would stay over at her house.
“I couldn’t imagine life without them,” she said. “Although Robbie was my stepdad, he was the closest thing I had to the real thing.
Christie Comrie12 Daniel Comrie, pictured, started abusing his step-sister when he was just six years old
Christie Comrie12 Christie, pictured with Daniel, began to find Daniel’s behaviour 'creepy'
“I called him ‘dad’ from an early age and, as far as I was concerned Daniel and his little brother were my real brothers.”
But the family’s happy bubble quickly burst.
Christie began to find Daniel’s behaviour “creepy” and said every time they had to share a bed he would attempt to cuddle her.
Christie Comrie12 Christie, pictured in 2009, said Daniel tried to cuddle and touch her every time they shared a bed
“Only six, I dismissed it, but one night he kissed me on the lips,” she said. “It felt off, so I told my older sister, then 14.”
Christie desperately tried to avoid sleeping in the same room as Daniel but he always found a way to be next to her.
Then, the abuse got worse.
Christie Comrie12 Christie, right aged seven, and Daniel, aged eight, pictured at a birthday party
“One night, when I was seven, he crawled in beside me, pulled down my pyjama bottoms,” she said.
Daniel told her to “pretend I’m not here” as he touched her private body parts.
Christie was too scared to tell anyone in case they didn’t believe her.
Christie Comrie12 Daniel pictured in 2009 before one of the attacks
When she was 14, the family went to visit her older sister who lives in Glasgow.
Her parents put Christie and Daniel in the same bedroom, while her other stepbrother was asleep in the living room.
“I wrapped myself tightly in the duvet, but Daniel found his way in,” she said.
Christie Comrie12 Christie pictured at home celebrating her 16th birthday
Christie Comrie12 Christie was driven to depression and took an overdose, pictured before her suicide attempt
“He grabbed my hand and made me touch him. Then, he climbed on top of me and shoved his tongue down my throat.”
Christie managed to escape to the bathroom where she “scrubbed herself clean” before spending the night sitting “bolt upright” on the sofa.
A few months later, the same thing happened again.
Related StoriesFAILED BY SYSTEM Girl, 7, given two STIs by paedo foster parent - months after being put in care because of sex abuse at home NO LAUGHING MATTER Firefighter clown arrested for 'having sex with dog and sharing child abuse images' ExclusiveHARVEY'S VILE TROLL EXPOSED We unmask Britain's sickest troll who hounded Katie Price and her disabled son with horrid abuse 'WE ARE EXPECTED TO SUCK IT UP' Female MPs reveal scale of threats with two-thirds feeling 'less safe' since Jo Cox' murder STAY SAFE Here are the crucial online grooming signs that parents need to learn 
Christie Comrie12 Christie found the courage to tell her mum Tracey and step-dad Robbie about the abuse
Christie kept Daniel’s sick secret until she was 15 but the trauma became too much and she started suffering with depression.
She confided in her mum and step-dad who were heartbroken but stood by her.
At first Daniel denied the allegations but he later came clean to the police.
Christie Comrie12 Christie believes Daniel's sentence was too lenient but has tried to move on from the ordeal
Christie said: “I didn’t want to drag everyone through the trauma of a court case, so we agreed to keep it in the family.”
However, in December 2011, Christie took an overdose.
With her mum by her bedside, Christie wept to paramedics and said she had attempted suicide because of the years of sexual abuse.
Christie Comrie12 Daniel Comrie was sentenced to 160 hours community service, made to sign the sex offenders register and given a three-year probation order
“Daniel was arrested and I finally felt free,” she said.
In February 2013, at Perth Sheriff Court, Daniel Comrie admitted lewd, indecent and libidinous practices.
He was sentenced to 160 hours community service, made to sign the sex offenders register and given a three-year probation order.
Christie Comrie12 Christie, pictured, will no longer be silenced by Daniel and has found love with her partner Nicole, 23
Christie believes the sentence was too lenient but has tried to move on from the ordeal.
She has since found love with her partner Nicole, 23, and keeps herself busy with her cleaning job.
“I never thought I could live a happy life after what Daniel did, but I’m determined to put it all behind me,” she said.
“Daniel silenced me for nine years, and stole my innocence. I won’t let him control my future."
If you are affected by any of the issues in this story please contact the Samaritans on freephone number, 116 123 (UK) or 116 123 (ROI). 
You can also email the charity on jo@samaritans.org.

