Builder snaps hilarious selfie with Prince Charles during Leicester walkabout – but the Prince is totally unaware
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2704094/builder-snaps-hilarious-selfie-with-prince-charles-during-leicester-walkabout-but-the-prince-is-totally-unaware/
25th January 2017, 4:17 pm
A CHEEKY builder snapped a selfie with Prince Charles during a walkabout in Leicester - but the royal was completely oblivious.
It took several amusing attempts for the workman to nail the right shot.



Struggling to fit himself and the Prince of Wales into the photo, Scott King follows the royal down Narborough Road.
He was pictured walking along with his phone up in the air, trying to get the perfect angle.
When he was finally able to grab a photo, the builder opted to keep a straight face. with a slight furrowed brow.
It was reminiscent of a selfie taken of Kate and Wills in Cornwall by a builder last year.
Related storiesGAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack FARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone HAMM SLAM Philip Hammond sparks uproar from Brexiteers in rant over consequences of No Deal CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April YOU MOZ BE JOKING School music lessons must 'swap Mozart for Stormzy' to improve grades PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find ME-OUCH Cat owner's face swelled & she ended up in hospital after scratch caused reaction 
At his next stop in Narborough Road, Lecicester, Charles was treated to a flavour of the most multicultural street in the country.
He was presented with a hamper containing produce from across the globe, including Bosnian coffee, Polish pasta and dried limes from the Middle East.
As the Prince took a look at the contents of the hamper, local Labour MP Liz Kendall joked that the sweet treats would spoil any New Year resolutions he had made.
It was amazing really, he tried our home-made Turkish baklava and he loved it.Istanbul restaurant owner Gokhan Erdogan
During a walk down the street - which has more than 200 shops and represents at least 23 nationalities - Charles also enjoyed a piece of baklava from the Istanbul restaurant.
Owner Gokhan Erdogan, 33, said: "It was amazing really, he tried our home-made Turkish baklava and he loved it.
"We have footballers coming in, but you can only see Prince Charles once in your life so that was amazing."



Later he met a former Afghan child refugee who hitch-hiked across Europe to Britain.
Baseer Omarkhil Khan, 16, completed his schooling with the help of the Prince's Trust charity, founded by Charles in 1976 to help youngsters reach their potential.
Baseer arrived in the UK aged 11 and unable to speak a word of English.
After settling with foster parents in the city, he has since completed school and has gone on to study motor mechanics at City of Leicester College.
He discussed his journey with Charles during the visit.
PA:Press Association
Baseer said: "It was good, it was really good. I might have looked quite cool but on the inside I was pretty nervous.
"We spoke about how I got here and he told me he had been to Afghanistan as well."
He shared a joke with the Prince after a misunderstanding, as Baseer said he spoke "four languages fully", but Charles misheard it as 44.
"It was good to share my story with the Prince," he added.
During the visit, pupils crowded into corridors as they tried to get a glimpse of the Prince.
In September, another builder from Newquay nabbed a selfie with Kate and Wills has told the duchess: “You’re hot, but not as hot as my wife.”
Sam Wayne bantered with the royals at a housing project but later revealed he was happily married.
At the time he said: “Kate’s a great girl and she certainly brightened up the day.
“But I’m married to my lovely wife Hayley who I think is much sexier. She knows I don’t need to look at anyone else, even a beautiful duchess.”
Sam Wayne/Facebook4 The builder had the Duchess in fits of giggles after snapping the cheeky selfie
PA:Press Association4 The workers  had been warned not to take selfies but Sam couldn't resist
Sam Wayne/Facebook4
The scaffolder said he took the shot because he wanted to add to his royal collection after getting a selfie with Prince Charles two years ago
Freelance Commission4 Sam said everyone on the site was very respectful of Kate and there was no wolf-whistling
Later in the day, Charles met faith and community groups who have been building closer links with the British Army for the past two years.
He heard how Captain Chris Hughes, of 7 Infantry Brigade, has been attending Friday prayers at Leicester's central mosque.
Parvez Bhatty, a mosque committee member, said the informal and successful approach meant Capt Hughes is now seen as "a friend" in the community, with other mosques sending invitations for him to visit.
Mr Bhatty said: "Hopefully others will now take the step forward that we have."
The Prince also met 14-year-old Lion Kheswa, from Peterborough, who was commended by police for talking a woman out of jumping from a multi-storey car park on Boxing Day.
PA:Press Association
A former armed forces cadet himself, the royal heir praised the schoolboy, a pupil at Thomas Deacon Academy, who was skateboarding past when he saw the woman in some distress.
Lion joked he had been so nervous about meeting Charles - having only been told on Tuesday morning - that "I nearly wet myself".
He said: "He's charming - a good conversationalist."
After the meeting, attended by Army units from Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire, Lancashire, North Yorkshire and Shropshire, Charles, a Field Marshal with the British Army, told those gathered: "I hope this particular initiative will flourish.
"I hope we can build on the contacts... so that we can make the most of all of these connections in order to encourage a greater understanding between the different groups of this country and the military."
PA:Press Association
PA:Press Association
The Prince also visited Westcotes Library to meet traders and faith groups, and popped in to local businesses Sogscissor and Cake Box.
PA:Press Association
Getty Images
Meanwhile, dozens of people stood at the windows of the library and businesses attempting to catch a glimpse of the royal visitor.
After visiting the city, Charles travelled into the countryside, unveiling a plaque marking the work of volunteers who have restored more than a mile of track at the Victorian Mountsorrel Railway.
Cheered by union flag-waving school pupils, who gave hearty renditions of God Save the Queen, Charles also signed a visitor's book in the new Mountsorrel & Rothley Community Heritage Centre.

Earlier he drove a steam train along the track, earning praise from onlookers - many of them veteran railwaymen - for not over-shooting the platform.
Charles also met volunteers including ex-British Rail driver Kevin Williams, 58, who travels every few weeks from his home in Paris, France, to give his time for free.
Centre director Steve Cramp, who showed the Prince around, said the visit was a "marvellous" advert for the volunteers' efforts.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368


