Kate Middleton plays with toddlers just weeks after admitting she’s feeling ‘broody’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8617193/kate-middleton-broody-toddlers-northern-ireland/
12th March 2019, 12:08 pm
KATE Middleton beamed as she played with toddlers today - just weeks after admitting she was "feeling broody".
The Duchess of Cambridge was eager to join the little ones and fellow parents as they played at a children's centre in Lambeth, South London, this morning.
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Kate Middleton, 37, looks lovingly at toddlers days after admitting she was 'feeling broody'
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 The Duchess of Cambridge showed off her parenting skills as she helped steady the little 'uns
Sitting on the play mat with fellow mums, Kate laughed and joked with the sweet toddlers at the Henry Fawcett Children's Centre.
As she played with the little ones, the duchess reportedly told them one of her favourite things in life is getting hugs from her children.
The visit comes just weeks after the 37-year-old admitted she was "feeling broody" during a visit to Northern Ireland - laughing "William would be a little worried" at the idea of a fourth child.
Kate and Prince William have three children together - five-year-old Prince George, three-year-old Princess Charlotte and little Prince Louis, who is not yet one.
The mum said her own little own, Louis, was "bombing" around on his walker, adding: "Louis just wants to pull himself up all the time. He has got these little walkers and is bombing around in them."
The duchess was today flying solo, joining parents and toddlers at the Lambeth Early Action Partnership, and Parent and Infant Relationship Service.
And she sympathised with one tot, nine-month-old Kameron, who started to cry in the group, cooing: "There's so many people here."
Other toddlers to steal the show were 23-month-old twins Kamina and Kashay, who jumped up and down and waved at cameras as they played with fellow twins Noah and Charlie, 17 months.
The duchess had been all smiles as she arrived at the centre in Lambeth, South London, wearing a £790 shirt by Gucci and £130 trousers by Jigsaw as she arrived to learn about the work done to support young kids and their families.
Louis just wants to pull himself up all the time. He has got these little walkers and is bombing around in themKate Middleton
Kensington Palace19 Kate Middleton beams as she plays with a toddler at the centre
Kensington Palace19 Kate laughed and joked with fellow mums at the centre
The trousers are the same that Kate wore for a visit to Cyprus last year - with the wide-legged style similar to that favoured by in-law Meghan Markle.
Despite rumours of a rift between the royal women before Christmas, the pair seemed delighted to see each other at the Commonwealth Day service yesterday.
The Fab Four - Prince William and Kate and Prince Harry and Meghan - chatted happily as they were reunited at Westminster Abbey on Monday.
And luckily for Kate, the Royal family is expecting to welcome another baby with the Duchess of Sussex expecting to give birth in a matter of weeks.
The mum-of-three has prioritised visits to organisations that focus on England's youth this year - visiting a number of schools and child play centres in the past few weeks.
Last month, she spoke with children at teachers at two London schools to mark Children's Mental Health Week.
And at the start of the year, she shared jokes with young students at Islington Community Garden.
But the duchess was stumped when one cheeky student asked her if the Queen had ever eaten pizza.
Arthur Edwards19 Kate Middleton laughs as one little girl tries to make her escape from the playgroup
Arthur Edwards19 The cheeky tot jumps in the air during the royal visit
Arthur Edwards19 The duchess laughs as one little toddler plays
Kensington Palace19 The Duchess of Cambridge has previously admitted she was feeling broody
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Kate spoke about her own children during the visit
DUCHESS SPEAKS OUT
The 37-year-old royal has previously spoken out about the importance of supporting kids' mental health, encouraging them to be comfortable in their own skin.
She even penned a personal essay about mental health issues with Huffington Post UK, writing: "The mental health of our children must be seen as every bit as important as their physical health.
"For too long we have been embarrassed to admit when our children need emotional or psychiatric help, worried that the stigma associated with these problems would be detrimental to their futures."
The mum has been a patron of charity Place2Be since 2013 and has worked with husband Prince William and Prince Harry in their Heads Together campaign.
Tonight, Kate will attend the Portrait Gala 2019 to meet members of the gallery's Youth Forum and view artwork produced by some of the National Portrait Gallery's outreach programmes.
It is the third gala she has attended and will raise money to support the gallery's work.
MOST READ IN NEWS DYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
It comes after a busy day for the Royal Family yesterday, with the senior members attending a Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey.
Meghan and Kate greeted each other with a warm kiss on each cheek as the Queen arrived.
Speaking exclusively to Fabulous Online, body language expert Judi said: "It was clear Kate and Meghan were keen to signal bonds of warm friendship yesterday, rather than the either distant or over-congruent displays from the last couple of outings."
Kate Middleton reveals she's 'feeling broody' after meeting 'sweet' five-month-old baby on Ireland tour 
Kensington Palace19 Kate spoke to parents about the support they were given at the children's centre in Lambeth
Arthur Edwards19 Kate Middleton got to play with the toddlers after joining a discussion about what is being done to support parents
Arthur Edwards19 Kate helps to steady one little girl during playtime
Arthur Edwards19 The mum of three appeared to love her time chatting with parents and kids
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Kate Middleton wore purple for the visit to a children's centre in South London today
Getty - Contributor19 Kate Middleton has prioritised visits to schools and play centres
Getty - Contributor19 The duchess looked stunning in purple today
19 The 37-year-old is learning about the services offered to young families
News Group Newspapers Ltd19 Kate Middleton smiles as she takes a seat during the lowkey visit
Times Newspapers Ltd19 Kate Middleton chats with Meghan Markle, Prince Harry and Prince William at Westminster yesterday
Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton greet each other with hugs and kisses as they arrive for Commonwealth service at Westminster


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.



