Donald Trump updates White House website to ditch climate change page and replace it with ‘America First Energy’ policy – and announces new missile defence system
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2668170/donald-trump-updates-white-house-website-to-ditch-climate-change-page-and-replace-it-with-america-first-energy-policy-and-announces-new-missile-defence-system/
20th January 2017, 7:38 pm
DONALD Trump said he would deliver action not words as the 45th President of the United States - and he kicked off his plan DURING his speech when he was being sworn in on Friday.
The billionaire was still standing on the balcony in Washington addressing the masses in the National Mall when he made his first moves to change legislation.
6 Donald Trump made his first moves to scrap legislation on Friday - and he was still giving his speech after being sworn in as the 45th President of the USA
6 As Trump spoke the climate change page on the White House website was removed and replaced with the "America First Energy Plan"
As he spoke, his plan to scrap the Climate Action Plan and the Waters of the U.S. rule appeared on his website, as the climate change page of the White House website disappeared as he gave his first speech as president.
The plan, which was branded "An America First Energy Plan" detailed the Trump's desire for "energy policies that lower costs for hardworking Americans."
It went on to promise to Americans an "increase in wages by more than $30 billion over the next 7 years."
6 The billionaire gave a thumbs up as he arrived at the podium
And the plan also outlined how the Trump administration will "take advantage of the estimated $50 trillion in untapped shale, oil, and natural gas reserves, especially those on federal lands that the American people own."
The site also posted plans to strengthen the military, and cited "North Korea and Iran" as countries the USA was building its forces against.
Under "Making Our Military Strong Again" the policy detailed  an agenda to develop a state-of-the-art missile defense system to protect against missile-based attacks from states like Iran and North Korea."
6 The White House site also detailed plans on the wall with Mexico and strengthening the police force

Related StoriesGAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack ME-OUCH Cat owner's face swelled & she ended up in hospital after scratch caused reaction SISTER'S DESPAIR I believe she's dead, says sister of missing Costa del Sol waitress SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk HIT THEM WHERE IT HURTS Spy chief reveals hidden targets US can use to erase Iran threat BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested WHO'S THE VLADDY? Vladimir Putin's rumoured lover 'gives birth to twins in VIP clinic' SUR-PRIZE Nobel Prize-winning doctor Willem Einthoven is honoured in today's Google Doodle REIGN OF TERROR Monster couple forced autistic woman, 22, to EAT dead mum's ashes 

And it cited the continuing threat from cybercrime stating: "We will make it a priority to develop defensive and offensive cyber capabilities at our U.S. Cyber Command, and recruit the best and brightest Americans to serve in this crucial area."
There was also a plan for more aid for veterans, and outlined a submission to Congress for a "new budget" which would be used to rebuild the US military, with the statement: "We will provide our military leaders with the means to plan for our future defense needs."
Getty Images6 The Trump family were there to see him get sworn in
It was also posted on the White House page the commitment to building the border wall with Mexico and a pledge to give police more power.
Under "Standing Up For Our Law Enforcement Community" it said the "dangerous anti-police atmosphere in America is wrong. The Trump Administration will end it."
And it was again confirmed the wall with Mexico would be built stating on the White House site: "President Trump is committed to building a border wall to stop illegal immigration, to stop the gangs and the violence, and to stop the drugs from pouring into our communities."
Getty Images6 The new president attended a lunch after being sworn in and shared an awkward handshake with Hillary Clinton

