What do the stars have in store for you today?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/2660214/what-do-the-stars-have-in-store-for-you-today-96/
20th January 2017, 3:00 am
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
Keep your  hopes high for the projects you care most about, even when others lower their expectations. You will be proved right.
As Venus visits the most mysterious part of your chart, you find it hard to explain why you’re suddenly falling in love with someone you once disliked. Luck writes in gold ink.
1
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
The opportunity to work with people whose achievements you admire and are good company could open up for you. It will teach you so much.
If you start the day single, that could change  as the moon checks in to your relationships chart and sets up a meeting with a Scorpio who ticks every box.
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
You’ll be in a decisive, strict and realistic mood and can convert what started as a dream scheme into a sensible business plan. Venus is  at the top of your chart, giving you a very clear view of how you should handle a love relationship.
A family discussion generates clever ideas to get more living space.
CANCER
June 22 to July 22
Changes that  just days ago would have seemed too difficult to make now slot into place. These can include getting up earlier  so you have time to work on a project – whether it’s writing a book or getting fit.
Doubts clear  and a casual relationship changes into a genuine commitment.
LEO
July 23 to August 23
The sun, your leading light,  ensures you handle all one-to-one relationships well. When a creative group  interests you, a place could open up – but make sure you don’t promise more than you can deliver.
If you’re single, the moon love-matches you with someone who lives in an ultra-modern city apartment.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
You have a new, more enterprising attitude towards work. Plans you once dismissed as too difficult could now take off.
Your wellbeing chart  is waking up via some sociable exercise.  Passion is calm and committed  and partners can  agree on plans for the future. Single? A “G” name is significant.
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
Fun is flowing  through your chart so be sure to give it space to flourish  and  be shared. A project that links laughter, travel and a group of friends or family can get the green light.
In love, you have  patience which gives a relationship its best chance. If you’re single, an Aries is about to take a shine to you.
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
Your  ideas and personal plans are the ones to build on  as you have such clear insight into what you need, even if it’s not what others  expect. At work, what may seem like a side-step could lead to success.
Give yourself enough heart space  and you’ll recognise your soulmate. Luck reunites old work friends.
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
Instead of planning what you want to say, having an open and spontaneous conversation is more  productive. This  applies at home and at work.
The sun helps you think like a winner  and you do well in contests  testing you mentally and physically. The moon love-matches you to someone with an  air of mystery.
CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
Clever planet Mercury settles in your  sign and  instead of letting unmade decisions clutter your mind, you deal with them and get on with your life.
If you’re ready for a relationship, love that almost made it wants to try again – but you have other options. It could be worth checking an old lottery ticket.
AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
The sun’s positive energy surge leads you down a personal work path that could see you becoming your own boss. Family life runs more smoothly now you can accept  a relative may not understand you, but still cares about you.
You set out to do some matchmaking for a friend but it’s you who finds love.
PISCES
February 19 to March 20
It is a great time to share a  dream with a partner because Venus gives you sincerity while Mars encourages  you to speak from the heart.
Looking for love? Someone  sharing your birthday or other significant date is a perfect match. Getting involved in a community project gives you a fresh start.

