Theresa May exclusively tells Sun readers ‘we’ll make Brexit work for workers’ as she pledges to build a stronger UK
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2649350/theresa-may-exclusively-tells-sun-readers-well-make-brexit-work-for-workers-as-she-pledges-to-build-a-stronger-uk/
18th January 2017, 10:19 pm
Last year, the country took a momentous decision. People voted in their millions to leave the European Union and embrace a brighter future for Britain.
This is the year we start to make it happen.
steve@steveback.com8 PM Theresa May set out her plans for Brexit this week
That is why, earlier this week, I set out the Government’s 12 negotiating objectives for Brexit, so that everyone has the clarity they need about our direction of travel as we prepare to trigger Article 50 before the end of March.
But those 12 objectives are just part of my Plan for Britain. Because last summer’s referendum was not just a vote to leave the European Union. It was a vote to change the way our whole country works.
A vote to build a stronger, fairer Britain that works for everyone, not just the privileged few. A Britain – and a Brexit – that works for ordinary working people.
Reuters8 The PM wants to make Britain strong for British workers
The plan I have set out this week will build that better Britain.
We will make Britain stronger by taking back control of our own laws.
So the rules that govern your life will be made in Britain not in Brussels.
We will strengthen the precious union between the four nations of our United Kingdom. And we will work to maintain the Common Travel Area with the Republic of Ireland.
PA:Press Association8 A post-Brexit Britain will be independent, self governing and global
Reuters8 We are leaving the single market and stopping freedom of movement
We will make Britain fairer for ordinary working people by getting control of the numbers coming here from the European Union.
We will continue to attract the brightest and best to work or study here and we will always welcome individual migrants as friends.
But by leaving the single market and ending freedom of movement, this process will be managed properly.
So we will be the ones to decide who gets to come here and when.
Getty Images8 We will shape the UK into the country we want it to be
We will make this a Brexit that works for ordinary working people by ensuring that every worker enjoys the rights and protections they deserve.
Indeed, under my leadership, not only will the Government protect the rights of workers’. We will build on them. And we will guarantee the rights of EU citizens living here, and the rights of British nationals in other member states, as soon as we can.
related storiesFARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe ExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says ‘WE’LL SELL MANY MORE HATS’ Trump unveils new ‘Keep America Great’ 2020 slogan at US rally 
We will also use this moment of national change to build a truly Global Britain, reaching out to old friends and new allies alike.
We will build a new trading relationship with our partners in Europe, but we will also be free to do new trade deals with countries from outside the EU too. And we will continue to co-operate with our friends and allies in Europe in critical areas such as science and technology and the fight against crime and terrorism.
Taken together, this will amount to a new and equal partnership between an independent, self-governing, Global Britain and our friends and allies in the EU.
But this whole approach to Brexit is just one part of my wider plan to shape the country we want to be when we have left the EU.

So we will use this moment of change to build a stronger economy and a fairer society that works for ordinary working people by embracing genuine economic and social reform here at home.
Our Modern Industrial Strategy, which we will publish next week, will lay the foundations to build a more prosperous and more equal Britain.
We will spread wealth and opportunity across every community. And we will help young people to develop the skills they need to do the high-paid, high-skilled jobs of the future.
Getty Images8 We will continue to force alliances with other countries and reach out to old allies
We will create a fairer society by breaking down the barriers of privilege and making Britain a great meritocracy where success is defined by work and talent, not birth or circumstance.
This will include going further in reforming our schools and ensuring that every child has the opportunity to thrive in a post-Brexit Britain.
And we will build a more united nation by forging a shared society and putting the values of responsibility, fairness and citizenship at the heart of everything we do.

PA:Press Association8 Theresa has a bold plan to make our country succeed for everyone
This is a bold, ambitious plan to deliver the change we need.
It is about the ends not the means – delivering the change that people voted for, by making this a country that works for everyone, not just a privileged few.
But making this a reality will depend on another essential ingredient of our success as a nation. The strength and support of 65 million people willing us to make it happen.
So as Sun readers I urge you to support this plan and to help us bring our country back together.
This is a time to stop fighting the battles of the past and look to the future.
8 Theresa May delivered a Brexit speech that outlined how we would leave the European Union
It is a time to be bold, confident and ambitious about seizing the opportunities that Brexit can bring.
One of our greatest strengths as a democracy is the respect we show to one another as fellow citizens.
This includes the way we respect the results of a vote. Those who win act magnanimously. Those who lose, gracefully respect the outcome. All of us come together.
So let us do so. And let us build the brighter future that we all want to see - for ordinary working people in our country today and for every generation to come.

