Who was Nye Frankie Newman? British freerunner who died in ‘accident’ on Paris Metro – here’s what we know
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2535198/who-was-nye-frankie-newman-british-freerunner-who-died-in-accident-on-paris-metro-heres-what-we-know/
5th January 2017, 1:00 pm
A BRITISH teenage freerunner has died after a rail accident on the Paris Metro but his friends deny he was "train surfing" at the time.
Nye Frankie Newman was killed while using the public transport network on New Year's Day in the French capital, his parkour group has confirmed.
But French transport authorities say he was “between two carriages” before he was killed.
Facebook9
British freerunner Nye Newman, 17,was killed in an accident with a train on New Year's Day, his parkour group confirmed
Facebook9 Nye pictured in paris, where he practised his freerunning skills
9 It's not yet clear how Nye Newman was killed but his friends say it wasn't while train surfing
Who was Nye Frankie Newman?
Mr Newman, 17, was from Guildford, Surrey, was a keen participant of the craze, which sees people climb and jump over obstacles and buildings in urban environments.
Photographs and videos on his social media accounts show him leaping between structures in Hong Kong and somersaulting on the Giant's Causeway in Northern Ireland.
One clip was filmed just days before his death and shows Mr Newman jumping over buildings in Paris.
He is part of 'Brewman' a freerunning collective of parkour enthusiasts across the UK.
Luke Stones, who was part of the same parkour and free running group known as Brewman, said in a post on the group's Facebook page that his friend "wasn't train surfing as many of you may assume" at the time of his death.
Train surfing is a term used to describe hitching a ride on the outside of a moving train.
He described Mr Newman as "an incredible human being who was always up for anything" and "experienced things in his short life that many won't experience in their lifetimes".
Mr Newman always gave a "positive outlook to any situation" and "inspired so many people through his enthusiastic lifestyle".
"He was the type of guy who had no regrets in his life and lived every day like it was his last."

9 Nye was keen on extreme sports and friends have paid tribute to him as an 'inspiration'
Facebook9 His social media channels are filled with videos and pictures showing landscapes and taken from vast heights, such as this one in Hong Kong
9 Nye was a keen participant of parkour, which sees people climb and jump over obstacles and buildings in urban environments
Instagram9 This clip is from one of the last videos he ever made, showing him jumping over buildings in Paris
What happened to Nye Frankie Newman?
RATP, which manages the subway system in the French capital, said the incident was first reported to the train driver by a young man on the platform at Daumesnil station on Line 6 at 11.20pm on December 31.
He indicated that his friend was injured and in need of medical assistance and the victim was taken to hospital by midnight.
An RATP spokesman said: “From what witnesses have told to RATP staff, the victim was between two wagons at the time of the accident for an unknown reason so far.
“The ongoing investigation will have to clarify this point.
“The victim was a member of a ‘trainsurfing’ crew seen on the metro line 6 in early December, facts for which RATP had filed a complaint.
“RATP reminds that illegal behaviour presents high risks for those who would try to do so.”
Friends of the teenager denied he had been ‘trainsurfing’ at the time of his death and one told the Sun Online he had actually been “leaning out of a carriage taking a photo and hit a sign”.
How has the parkour community reacted to Newman's death?
Tributes have poured in from friends, family and shocked members of the parkour community.
Joe Groombridge, from Aldershot, wrote on Facebook: "Devastated to hear this. Had the pleasure of knowing Nye Frankie Newman for a number of years and from a young age he was always wild and eccentric with so much to give.
"Stories I've heard of his travels tell me he lived his life in the exact same way inspiring people across the world doing what he loved most. Taken too soon, RIP."
Facebook9 Pictures show the 'inspirational' freerunner in brave poses around the world, including here at the Great Wall of China
Facebook9 Nye Newman's social media accounts show a variety of daring pictures like this one of his legs dangling over the ledge of a skyscraper
James Dickson wrote: "Such an inspirational guy has just lost his life, it's such a shock and just shows us that life is delicate, Nye lived his life to the fullest and will be missed by many, rest in peace man."
In a chilling final post on Facebook, Mr Newman spoke about the future and wished friends a happy New Year, as he shared a picture of his legs dangling over a ledge.
He wrote: "2016: Greece, Morocco, Spain, France, Czech Republic, Switzerland, Northern Ireland, Germany, Denmark, Italy, Finland, China, The Philippines, Hong Kong and The Netherlands.
"It's been a hectic year full of lots of mental memories and some unfortunate things like leaving the EU, but hopefully it will all only lead to a better future.
"Thanks to everyone who made this year for me, here's one from Hong Kong a few months ago."
A Foreign Office spokeswoman said: "We are providing support to the family of a British national following their death in France."
The parkour group has organised a remembrance "jam" on March 4 for Nye where his friends plan to "get together and train for the day".
More than 300 people are expected to attend the event in Guildford town centre.
What is freerunning?
Freerunning is an acrobatic and athletic discipline founded by Frenchman Sébastien Foucan, who coined the term in 2003.
It is a form of parkour - a physical exercise discipline developed by French WW1 soldier Georges Hebert, who was stunned by the physical skill and athleticism of African indigenous people and developed obstacle courses based on what he saw.
His teachings are even believed to have influenced the design of modern playgrounds.

READ MORE
Brit freerunner, Nye Frankie Newman, dies after train accident on Paris Metro but friends deny he was ‘train surfing’ at the time
Shocking moment teen, 15, is struck by hit-and-run driver while parkour training as mum releases distressing pic of her son in hospital
Vlogger blasted for North Korea ‘propaganda’ clips films himself scaling London skyscraper in dead of night
Brit daredevil risks his life jumping between Hong Kong skyscrapers in heartstopping video showing off his parkour skills

 

