Tributes to teen Brit freerunner Nye Frankie Newman killed on Paris metro after ‘leaning out of carriage to take a photo and hitting a sign’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2531864/tributes-to-freerunner-nye-frankie-newman-killed-paris-metro/
4th January 2017, 4:33 pm
TRIBUTES have been paid to a British freerunner who was killed on the Paris metro after "leaning out of a carriage to take a photo and hitting a sign".
Nye Frankie Newman, 17, was celebrating New Year with friends in the French capital when he tragically died on Sunday.
Facebook14 British freerunner Nye Newman (right), 17, pictured with best friend Rikke Brewer (left), was killed in an accident with a train on New Year's Day, his parkour group confirmed
Facebook14 Nye had been in Paris, pictured on a previous trip, when he was tragically killed while taking pictures from a train window
Facebook14 Tributes have been paid to the teenager, whose sudden death has shocked the parkour community
Facebook14 His social media channels are filled with videos and pictures showing landscapes and taken from vast heights, such as this one in Hong Kong
The exact circumstances of his death remain unclear but best friend Rikke Brewer denied rumours that Mr Newman, from Guildford, Surrey, had been "train surfing" at the time.
He told the Sun Online: "He was leaning out of the window trying to take pictures and struck a sign or something at the side of the tracks."
The teenager, who had been friends with Mr Newman for four years and formed parkour group Brewman - a coining of their surnames - together, said he's been left "devastated" by the tragedy.
RELATED STORIESVideo'LUCKY TO BE ALIVE' Shocking moment boy, 15, is struck in hit-and-run during parkour training run as mum releases pic of injured son in bid to find driver LIFT OFF! Brit daredevil risks his life jumping between Hong Kong skyscrapers in video showing off his parkour skills Graphic Warning'it DESTROYED ME' Bone-crunching moment daredevil YouTuber tries one trick too many as he misses hotel pool after three-storey leap and smashes into concrete VideoSLIP 'N' RIDE 'Insane' video shows daredevil BMX bikers break into water park and ride down massive abandoned slides the need for speed As two daredevils hunt new speed records in 2017, we recall final hours of original speed king Donald Campbell 
"He was in Paris with friends from the group and his girlfriend - I didn't go with them because I was working on other things for my YouTube channel.
"I woke up to the call on New Year's Day telling me what had happened. I was just devastated. It still doesn't feel real.
"It's affecting so many people because it's not just an ordinary death. It's just mad."
He explained that it was four years ago today the pair met at a skate park.

14 It's not yet clear how Nye Newman was killed but his friends say it wasn't while train surfing
14 Nye was keen on extreme sports and friends have paid tribute to him as an 'inspiration'
"We formed our group Brewman together, which is our surnames put together, and then it grew with eight other people joining from all over Surrey," he said.
Paying tribute to his best friend, Mr Brewer said: "Nye was more than a friend to me, he was like family - probably even closer than a brother.
"He was a powerful guy and just lived life to the full. His lifestyle was just mad.
"We're so lucky that what we do has taken us around the world and gone from becoming a hobby to more of a career."
Mr Newman was a keen participant of the craze which sees people climb and jump over obstacles and buildings in urban environments.
Photographs and videos on his social media accounts show him leaping between buildings in Hong Kong and somersaulting on the Giant's Causeway in Northern Ireland.
14 Nye was a keen participant of parkour, which sees people climb and jump over obstacles and buildings in urban environments
14 Nye had travelled the world, pictured here in Copenhagen, as his free running hobby took off
14 Nye had been celebrating New Year in Paris with his friends and a girlfriend at the time of his death, it's claimed
14 Friends have arranged a remembrance event for the freerunner whose death has shaken the community
One clip was filmed just days before his death and shows Mr Newman jumping over buildings in Paris.
Members of his group, including best friend Rikke, made headlines when they filmed themselves "train surfing" - a term used to describe hitching a ride on the outside of a moving train - on the Paris Metro in November.
Luke Stones, who was part of the Brewman parkour and free running group, said in a post on the group's Facebook page that his friend "wasn't train surfing as many of you may assume" at the time of his death.
He described Mr Newman as "an incredible human being who was always up for anything" and "experienced things in his short life that many won't experience in their lifetimes".
Mr Newman always gave a "positive outlook to any situation" and "inspired so many people through his enthusiastic lifestyle".

14 In tributes friends said Nye, pictured, 'was always up for anything, and he always gave a positive outlook to any situation'
Instagram14 This clip is from one of the last videos he ever made, showing him jumping over buildings in Paris
"He was the type of guy who had no regrets in his life and lived every day like it was his last."
Tributes have poured in from friends, family and shocked members of the parkour community.
Joe Groombridge, from Aldershot, wrote on Facebook: "Devastated to hear this. Had the pleasure of knowing Nye Frankie Newman for a number of years and from a young age he was always wild and eccentric with so much to give.
"Stories I've heard of his travels tell me he lived his life in the exact same way inspiring people across the world doing what he loved most. Taken too soon, RIP."

Facebook14 Pictures show the 'inspirational' freerunner in brave poses around the world, including here at the Great Wall of China
Facebook14 Nye Newman's social media accounts show a variety of daring pictures like this one of his legs dangling over the ledge of a skyscraper
James Dickson wrote: "Such an inspirational guy has just lost his life, it's such a shock and just shows us that life is delicate, Nye lived his life to the fullest and will be missed by many, rest in peace man."
In a chilling final post on Facebook, Mr Newman spoke about the future and wished friends a happy New Year, as he shared a picture of his legs dangling over a ledge.
He wrote: "2016: Greece, Morocco, Spain, France, Czech Republic, Switzerland, Northern Ireland, Germany, Denmark, Italy, Finland, China, The Philippines, Hong Kong and The Netherlands.
"It's been a hectic year full of lots of mental memories and some unfortunate things like leaving the EU, but hopefully it will all only lead to a better future.
"Thanks to everyone who made this year for me, here's one from Hong Kong a few months ago."
A Foreign Office spokeswoman said: "We are providing support to the family of a British national following their death in France."
The parkour group has organised a remembrance "jam" on March 4 for Nye where his friends plan to "get together and train for the day".
More than 300 people are expected to attend the event in Guildford town centre.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.

 

