What does 2017 have in store for your family and wellbeing? Mystic Meg holds the keys to living a happy life and a healthy New Year
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/2520162/2017-family-wellbeing-healthy-lifestyle-mystic-meg/
2nd January 2017, 9:14 pm
IN today’s final part of her look at what 2017 has in store for you, MYSTIC MEG focuses on family and healthy living.
7 Mystic Meg gives her tips for your family and wellbeing in 2017
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
FAMILY: Your key  theme is achieving balance,  in responsibility and emotions. But most of all, 2017 asks you to set limits on your time, help, home and understanding. Family bonds that have slipped into silence can shine again. You have a sparkle that helps you bring up difficult subjects and help others to talk about them. Teams that cross generations, old pet photos and a story you’ve been told since childhood can all lead to family-linked luck. A rescheduled event will work so well this time.
LIVING WELL: You tend to rush at life, leaving you with a lot of pent-up energy  and prone to headaches. So change pace. Start by setting a fixed bedtime and sticking to it. You hate   routine so mix and match activities,  maybe even choosing  what you do by rolling a dice. Get outside, breathing deeply, feeling the sun. Ring-fencing a few minutes daily “me time” to let your mind wander free can reboot mental energy and help re-frame problems.
Getty Images7 Family fun . . . special family luck links to your address when you were born
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
FAMILY: The way to take a family forward is openness – on all sides. There are things you do not share but  in 2017 you can change this and build family bonds on a basis of what is real, rather than what is acceptable, or easy. Jupiter helps you to then stick with changes, and sensing this will help others  relax and rebuild trust. Special family luck links to your address when you were born, old school or college work and a parent’s favourite jewellery.
LIVING WELL: Taurus’ love of fine dining can swell your waistline but you can find some  easy answers  by making health substitutions. Incentives help you put in the exercise hours but make them non-food, such as a long bath. Home workout DVDs are perfect for you. Strengthen willpower by choosing a  mantra and repeating it every day. If you need to say “No” to others, then first rehearse with  role-play.
Getty Images7 Wheely good . . . embrace your positive energy and go for it in the gym
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
FAMILY: Mercury’s 2017 drive to end a time of secrets is especially relevant to your family life.  Keeping  information or advice may feel like power but you must let this go to experience true strength. Best times are from March 13 to June 6. Conversations that usually stay on the surface go deeper, thanks to Mars, for about six weeks in summer. Special luck circles a schooldays souvenir, relatives who share initials, and a valuable find in the garden.
LIVING WELL: You  constantly buzz with ideas. In 2017 you  harness this restless energy. Using music to pep up or slow down is part of it, but you can be your own best friend, offering kind emotional support. This enhances willpower so you achieve health goals faster – yes, even giving up that habit you hate! Nuts and seeds make quality Gemini snacks so keep a supply handy. Avoid late-night screens to ensure better rest.

CANCER
June 22 to July 22
FAMILY: With Jupiter gold in your family zone for most of 2017, start setting ambitious targets. By October you can have achieved them all. If relatives have secretly longed to work or  perform together, this can happen – and it’s also a prime year for expanding families, whether by new births, marriages or bringing generations together. In the summer money, time or love can be much more fairly divided. Sharing vehicles, three-word texts, food-related contests and initial “L” are super-lucky.
LIVING WELL: Boosting your metabolism by eating little and often and snacking on fresh fruit and veg can increase energy. Get worrying under control and your tummy can start feeling calmer. Engaging in group activities with a  purpose, like walking for charity or joining in a gardening scheme, motivates you,  but you also benefit from  solo goals. In 2017 you can find balance, plus inner peace. You have Saturn  fit-not-quit willpower until December, so use it.
Getty Images7 Stretch it out . . . fusing your physical, emotional and spiritual selves together is such a positive health move
LEO
July 23 to August 23
FAMILY: Dedicate early 2017 to focusing on all the positives in family life, accepting occasional flaws. Utilise Jupiter’s communication gifts. When the golden planet highlights domestic bliss from October, you’ll be first in line. A transformation moon in February nudges you to expand a  family role, while dividing a weighty task between relatives over  summer eases stress. Mercury asks key questions in October, Mars pushes bold promises in December.  Two-part names, a driving job and a wedding souvenir put the  family on the road to riches.
LIVING WELL: Resist the temptation of the  latest quick fix diet and concentrate on long-term changes. Get up earlier for yoga or factor in walking all or part of the way to work. Fusing your physical, emotional and spiritual selves together is such a positive health move. Protect your back and consider ways to stand more, sit less. Then you’ll be ready to say yes to some exciting charity challenges in the autumn.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
FAMILY: All kinds of plans can bear fruit, both in practical and emotional terms. But don’t let focus on tomorrow stop you enjoying today. Celebrate bonds, especially those between generations.  You may think ideas for a family-style business, based on health foods, are  too difficult, but you can make it happen. With  generous Jupiter in your money zone until October, family fortunes  link to handwritten documents, discovering family living in some style in Canada, and a talent for music.
LIVING WELL: Tackling tension, in  mind and body, is  key to a  feelgood 2017. Start  with a breakthrough decision around the middle of this month regarding more relaxation, simple treats and  daily  quiet contemplation to counteract  overworking. Mercury sharpens smart thinking, so by Autumn it will be second nature. August and September are super-sexy months of physical intensity when  love is genuine. Say yes to outdoor community classes.
 
Getty Images7 Surprise! . . . keep up with communication as sudden family news will be so exciting
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
FAMILY: Take a key role in family discussions, as Jupiter stays by your side. You have a  lightness of touch that keeps love and respect uppermost and solves even the most stubborn issues. From January to June, keep up with communication as sudden family news will be so exciting. In July and August put competition between relatives to work. By December, when Saturn occupies your domestic chart, you’ll embrace its calming effect! Separate groups which  share equipment, dancing together, answering number questions and a pale blue door are all Libra-lucky.
LIVING WELL: Any exercise for  mind and  body is good for you. Pilates is perfect,  but so is freeform dancing in the house with  headphones on. February has a start-again health moon so it’s the perfect time for you to sign up for a  fitness revamp. Early June and late September are spot on for some deep thinking and then making plans that benefit the whole family.
RELATED STORIESMYSTIC MEG When do you need to act to make 2017 a good year for your wallet? Mystic Meg reveals all about your financial health this year RevealedHeartening news What does 2017 have in store for your love life? Whether you're single or coupled-up, Mystic Meg reveals all RevealedYou're still a Leo Don’t panic! NASA hasn’t really introduced a new star sign which means your horoscopes are still the same ExclusiveCOMING UP NEXT After a 2016 you couldn't have made up, we find out what's in store for 2017... according to psychic Sally Morgan body makeover Vicky Pattison vows to stop boozing as she aims to lose nearly two stone and get her beach body back 
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
FAMILY: You’ll have such drive to bring secrets and ambitions into the open. You recognise, respect and encourage other people’s talent. By  autumn your family life can  be transformed positively, while Saturn reinforces values. If a family’s divided  it can unite again in 2017 with April and September key. A poem read aloud, a wedding and meeting someone who looks exactly like you add so much luck to your life.
LIVING WELL: Aware you’re a binger? Eat little and often instead and carry wholefood bars or bananas for a  snack attack.  From March 1  to May 16, Mercury pops in and out of your wellbeing zone and plans may start tiny but can grow  fast, especially if linked to a big fitness or diet challenge, maybe even a marathon. The strength of eclipse power in your chart means if you put your mind to something  your body will follow. By August 21 you can be on a  new  fitness track. Autumn finds you learning to set limits and from November  energy hits a high.
Getty Images7 Ready to workout . . . Saturn acts as your personal trainer
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
FAMILY: This can be the year you take that step outside a family circle to pursue your personal dreams, and a group gains strength as a result. There is support there, but you need to make the first move. Late February, when Mercury and a powerful moon energise your family zone, is a great time. Summer  promises a mix  of fun times and big decisions, the deepest talking happens outdoors. Saturn instils you with patience, especially in  autumn. Property documents, favourite furniture and a song a family always sing together can link to luck.
LIVING WELL: Saturn acts as your personal trainer, plus you sign up for exercise classes. Build in ample variety to diet or exercise to help motivate yourself and be sure to warm up well. In March and April, Mars promotes a way of life that transforms your future so take the plunge. Jupiter shines a light on your most secret self from October 10 so mentally you’re ready for changes and challenges.

CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
FAMILY: You have  deep inner strength that helps you stop avoiding family challenges or confrontations, and see them through. You, and those close to you, deserve a more open, rewarding life and this is your time to get it. The 12th of any month – and places where special family pictures have  been taken – are  well aspected. Red vehicles, celebrity biographies, unusual pets and flower names also bring your family luck. Through March and April, Mercury helps you  get to the truth.
LIVING WELL: Shake off workaholic tendencies by building  downtime into every day. Even just meditating for ten minutes, or listening to one special song while you breathe deeply can refresh mind and body. An April Mars energy boost  can last the year,  channel it into a structured fitness goal – maybe aimed towards an autumn event. Using smaller plates can lead  to weight loss without even realising! Being  surrounded by the right smells is so important.

AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
FAMILY: This year’s two most intense moons occur in your chart of closest bonds, in February and August. Hidden dreams, truths and desires can flood out within a family,  leaving the future so fresh. March, April and May focus attention on a shared financial or legal document, and from June to September someone on the outskirts of a family  can be accepted. In December, a last-minute change of date can reunite relatives. TV contests, adding up birthdates, big sisters and “G” names spell luck.
LIVING WELL: You should start 2017 by finding and keeping a centre of focus  for you, chosen by you.  Investing in your  wellbeing will stop you getting bored. By  August you should see a  difference,  then the eclipse revs up energy  and you can take changes up a gear. June 21 marks an emotional turning point when you  protect your  mind and heart. A book by a celebrity can give positive pointers. Mint, as a colour, perfume, taste or tea is so uplifting.
Getty Images7 Embrace love . . . good family vibes become great by May/June
PISCES
February 19 to March 20
FAMILY: Good family vibes become great by May/June, when a shared big date is finally fixed, and communication or co-operation is super-strong. You may have had enough of “M” but don’t burn  bridges . . . yet. Offering one last chance, with a summer deadline, can work magic. Mars brings an April surprise, and on November 22 everyone else who matters  can start to see what you see. You have the  emotional confidence to promote and support others. Recreating shared journeys, getting outside together and handmade gifts or food can invigorate family life.
LIVING WELL: You are perfectly placed to boost confidence, make major changes and  settle into the best version of yourself. Key is self-belief, you have it, so 2017 will be  Your Year. Food-wise, go for little and often. Plan new health goals around dates that end in “1” and from May to November try getting up earlier to workout body, mind – or both.

