When do you need to act to make 2017 a good year for your wallet? Mystic Meg reveals all about your financial health this year
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/2515467/when-do-you-need-to-act-to-make-2017-a-good-year-for-your-wallet-mystic-meg-reveals-all-about-your-financial-health-this-year/
1st January 2017, 10:11 pm
WILL 2017 be a happy new year for you?
Today, in part two of her brilliant series, Mystic Meg looks at what the stars have in store for our financial health and success at work.
4 Mystic Meg gives her 2017 forecast
Aries (March 21 - April 20)
SUCCESS: Your year begins with exciting action in your working life as extra Mars energy and enthusiasm increase your ability to impress. Resist outside attempts to muscle in on your original ideas, stick to your schedule.
June and September are great for job-hunting, especially for a creative upgrade, and a chat on a sunshine holiday can spark a work-for-yourself break. Winning and weddings are linked, plus reunion dates and locations linked to No 1.
MONEY: From April to August you question lifetime cash habits and make radical changes, with patience for proper research, rather than rushing in.
Listening to calming music sharpens financial focus.
Community groups have potential, as does teaming up with a luxury- loving, shrewd-shopping Taurus.
Names from school can also be key cash finders.
March 31 and May 16 bring a Mercury brainpower boost, you think on your feet and get in first. November re-opens a forgotten cash bond with “L”.
 
Tarus (April 21 - May 21)
SUCCESS: You can take that step on to a career path that feels more “you”. Making or repurposing things (or people) can be involved.
Saturn opens the door, but impulsive Mars pushes you through, probably in March/April or September/October.
Winning centres on contests linked to islands or appliances, the name of your first pet or car, and you should consider joining a new sports syndicate.
MONEY: Your 2017 cash profile is firmer and fairer so you finally feel in control of cash. Stop chasing the latest “it” items, and focus on investment buys.
Put your taste to work! Finding, or creating, luxury for others is a rich sideline and early June can seal a fabulous deal.
In April you pursue moves to quit a poor-performing cash group and in July seek out forgotten figures that can rewrite your future.
October is your moment to stick to a promise of change.
By December you’ll have confidence to say: “No.”
Getty Images4 Do your stars predict a promotion on the cards?
Gemini (May 22 - June 21)
SUCCESS: It’s your year to share your wilder work ideas and work them through. Saturn boosts career stamina and you thrive on challenges.
You make a natural leader, especially from April to August.
Around April 21, Mars multiplies your ability to dazzle at interviews or on camera.
Tests, even unexpected, are a breeze in the summer months and from mid-October you have a clear sense of where you’re going workwise.
Work sidelines can include getting your words into famous mouths and spin-offs of family traditions.
MONEY: Spending on new experiences and learning can be key. Your mind is extra sharp from June 6 to July 6.
From March to May look abroad for earning inspiration and October to December you can be a winner.
Be honest about a family money plan that may need to be changed, a rich conclusion is close!
Stick with a fitness project.
Numbers in boxes can tick cash luck.
 
Cancer (June 22- July 22)
SUCCESS: Uranus boosts your success sector, splitting your work year into two. First, you’re putting your ideas forward, getting yourself noticed and appreciated.
From August, you can start to fly towards work that feels like fun.
Mercury sharpens communication from July until September and gets old rivals on side. You can make the big time in November.
MONEY: You do the opposite to the expected. Switching locations, business partners, cash contracts, to rebuild them bigger and better – and upgrading family money tactics.
Mars gives you willpower, Saturn increases organisation, so 2017 can be your year to get rich!
Luck-finders include an imaginative Aquarius or courageous Aries who transform your cash thinking – and phone numbers with several zeros.
Plus there’s money to be made from your home, or items or services linked to homes.
Help this happen by keeping all cash doors open and really checking them out.
Getty Images4 Will your career go from strength to strength this year?
Leo (July 23 - August 23)
SUCCESS: You have strong career progress.
Working, learning or sharing experiences abroad can make this adventurous but also leave you feeling more at home.
From March to May, mind master Mercury spots opportunities others miss and produces unique applications or tests.
Your ruler the sun begins and ends 2017 in your career zone that warms cool colleagues and impresses bosses.
On December 20, Saturn starts a three-year phase of professional and personal progress.
MONEY: You spend and save with fresh financial confidence. Recent blips in decision-making disappear, and Mars and the sun collaborate to bring you hot cash deals over the summer and into September.
Up to March 10, look forward not back, and from February to June be as honest as you can, especially in writing.
November riches link to items in pairs, or teams of two.
In December you can learn so much by joining up with a wise Virgo.
 
Virgo (August 24 - September 22)
SUCCESS: A change of style or speed can upgrade your working future.
Saturn helps you establish strong roots in a home-based workplace or grow a skill into a professional gateway.
But in December a sudden offer to join a project adding fun or excitement to the world is so tempting, and starts a three-year phase of unprecedented career energy and achievement.
Jupiter’s 2017 brings cash flair that doubles earning potential and brings buying and selling gifts. January 18 and August 7 are such dynamic career dates.
MONEY: Jupiter is in your cash chart for the first nine months.
Yes, there’s extra luck all around, plus instincts for great buys and investments. Gold, in jewellery, writing, names or places, can attract luck.
And being part of a cash team but staying independent encourages turning a rich corner.
Outdoor influences can be profitable in June and July. In October, hold out for the deal you deserve.
 
Libra (September 23 - October 23)
SUCCESS: This is your year to go beyond your comfort zone and link, even out of hours, with new, enthusiastic faces and places.
Up to August you learn big, then you could earn big! Saturn helps you see through communication changes, while Neptune boosts your sensitive side and opens a new healing career path.
Mercury focuses on public words on June 21.
With Jupiter in your sign most of 2017, too, get ready for the luckiest-time of your life.
MONEY: Your simple early cash forecast soon gets complex because you have many different outlets and expenses to juggle.
But you do it so well. Mercury earmarks February to May as especially good for shared investments.
Mars adds strong decision-making in June and delayed or diverted deals sail through.
Numbers from story or song titles help you win big, and you can shop for bargains when you enlist a careful Capricorn’s help.
In November, travel or gig tickets can prove a strong sideline.
Getty Images4
Scorpio (October 24 - November 22)
SUCCESS: Your year wins over every other sign for nerve and adventurous spirit. Doubt vanishes as you feel confidence rising but also do your homework.
In February, Mars adds unique energy to creative skills – you stand out from the crowd.
From March to June, Mercury stabilises your career chart.
Two ambitious moons, February 11 and August 21, lift limits on what you can earn. Finishing half-done applications or stories is a key factor.
MONEY: Strength you seek to stick to cash promises, find ways through money mazes and simply spend less can happen. Get figures or ambitions out of your head, so they feel real.
January 4 and November 5 bookend your year, when you can push through deals and get smart with finances.
Choose numbers or names at random, or ask family or friends to pick a prize path for you in April.
A work-for-yourself dream is close to reality, a meeting in late June can be everything you hope for.
 
Sagittarius (November 23 - December 21)
SUCCESS: 2017 is perfect for a big career push. Whatever success secretly means to you, you can achieve. And links between past and future become so clear. A period of personal revelation spans April 6 to August 25.
Mercury makes January and March-May the best times for testing knowledge or learning ability.
In summer, running your own music event mixes fun with profits. Positive work sparks fly in September.
By December 19, you’re firmly in charge of your destiny.
MONEY: You will invest more time and research into cash choices so they, and you, are more likely to succeed.
But listen to other people. You’ll grow richest when you take the role you least fancy.
From April 20 to September 28, dive in to a practical plan.
Holiday and travel contests are starred in May and June, and in October you can link two old cash streams to make one rich new one. In December, Saturn starts a three-year savings push.
RELATED STORIES CommentJEREMY CLARKSON Help fight the Government’s plan to silence the free Press – and save your own freedom RevealedHeartening news What does 2017 have in store for your love life? Whether you're single or coupled-up, Mystic Meg reveals all Megxit The Sun's Mystic Meg turns political prophetess to predict parties' post-Brexit fortunes RevealedYou're still a Leo Don’t panic! NASA hasn’t really introduced a new star sign which means your horoscopes are still the same FRUGAL FOOD Thrifty money blogger reveals how you can start food planning in 2017... and save a bundle on your shopping 'NO HANGOVER!' Kerry Katona follows in the footsteps of Katie Price by giving up drinking in 2017 Toms up Juve show off new signing Tomas Rincon in first training session of 2017 during winter break 
Capricorn (December 22 - January 20)
SUCCESS: In early January, Mercury separates fact from fantasy and sets concrete goals.
All year, Saturn gives you strength to work on areas of knowledge or experience that once let you down.
And Jupiter radiates that magical something that wins you interviews and meetings.
But use this or lose it, preferably by October 10!
Making money in or from your home is highlighted from March to July, and on September 30 become the core of a team.
MONEY: There’s a lot you can do to turn 2017 into one of your best years yet.
Tune into your subconscious so sudden impulse buys don’t sideswipe you and avoid spending too long with extravagant friends, especially in spring.
Writing about childhood, practical life or work experience can be a moneyspinner in May-June and in August you can discover the true value of something you’ve collected, learned or earned.
Two money groups can combine in the autumn for Christmas rewards.
 
Aquarius (January 21 - February 18)
SUCCESS: Thanks to Jupiter, 2017 can contain key career movement.
It centres on strong links to travel, studying or working away, and a readiness to discover your true self. Success can also link to items, recipes or ideas from abroad.
Mercury in your sign in February can bring the first offer (of many) and communication skills are strong from March to the end of May.
So ask questions, don’t make assumptions! Your ruler Uranus puts the unexpected into every meeting or call.
MONEY: Saturn says stick with a group cash plan, even though you think differently. A shared load is lighter and you can hear great ideas. Enterprises linked to nature and clubs can be lucky – with a key cash date of February 25.
Property can be a much bigger part of your future as a result.
You confidently splash out in June, August can uncover an old savings stash and September and October are ideal for refreshing money plans.
 
Pisces (February 19 - March 20)
SUCCESS: You make the right choices for you while bringing benefit to others. This can mean a sudden promotion or a fledgling business becoming huge.
Two work-focused eclipses, on February 11 and August 21, you may remember for ever.
Makeovers, research, syndicates and bringing strangers together can all offer cash potential. From July 20 to September 5, Mars encourages bold career moves.
Summer can be your hot career time. November 22 sees you back where you belong.
MONEY: Your frugal nature is reinforced but you also spring financial surprises! Words can be involved, as can quick-thinking competitions, especially between March and May.
Health foods, public transport, footie teams in white and a medical location can come up trumps.
July 15 sees a game-changing envelope, early October a creative investment, from November 5 onwards family opposition falls away and in December your wishes start to promise cash.

