After tragic loss of 75 passengers on Colombian Flight 2933 I’ll never ignore the safety demo again
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2291688/after-tragic-loss-of-75-passengers-on-colombian-flight-2933-ill-never-ignore-the-safety-demo-again/
30th November 2016, 2:24 am
THE loss of 75 passengers in the crash of Flight 2933 in Colombia is life-changingly horrific for those with loved ones on board.
But for those of us enviably unconnected to it, this latest, catastrophic failing of a mode of transport we all take for granted is, like all plane crashes, disturbingly compelling in its detail.
Getty Images11 The 75 passengers on board died in the crash
Thanks to the proliferation of social media, we see poignant photos of those who ultimately perished smiling on board before take-off, reminding us of the many times we have taken flights with our families and friends.
We place ourselves in the minds of those poor, lost souls and hope they knew nothing of their imminent fate, and we marvel at the revelation that a handful of passengers were pulled alive from the wreckage.
We ask ourselves: How? Why?
Reuters11 Rescue crew work at the wreckage of a plane that crashed into the Colombian jungle with Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense onboard
Were they simply the “lucky” ones sitting in an area of less impact, or did they do something that the others didn’t?
Time, eyewitness reports and forensic investigation will eventually tell and I sincerely hope the grieving relatives get the answers they so desperately need.
In the meantime, this fascination is precisely why so many Hollywood movies have been made about plane crashes and the human behaviour they elicit.
Getty Images11 A film is being made about Captain Sully's miraculous landing on the Hudson
The latest is Sully, the story of Captain Chesley Sullenberger, who expertly piloted stricken Flight 1549 into New York’s Hudson River at 150mph — thereby saving the lives of all 155 passengers.
Starring Tom Hanks, it dramatises the events of January 2009 when, just minutes after take-off from LaGuardia Airport, the plane hit a flock of Canada geese and both engines failed.
Dramatic indeed but, unusually, the fact that everyone survived gave a rare insight into what went on inside the plane too.
Twitter11 Pilot Miquel Quiroga is pictured with some of the footballers before the plane took off
In the book Miracle On The Hudson, by Bill Prochnau and Laura Parker, it states that out of 155 passengers, only 25 had watched the safety demonstration and just 12 had read the printed instructions.
When “Sully” came on the Tannoy to say: “This is your captain, brace for impact,” most did so initially but some decided to lift their heads and peek during the final seconds and this contributed to more than 30 passengers injuring their heads on impact.

And bearing in mind that the plane was about to land in a river, only two passengers put on the life jacket beneath their seat. Presumably, the rest were simply in a blind panic.

Horrific images of Colombia air crash show the extent of the wreckage

When told to evacuate the plane via the emergency exits, those in first class were able to do it quickly, but mid-plane a bottleneck formed around the wing doors and at the damaged rear passengers found themselves stuck, with water rising to their chests.
Reuters11 Colombian air force helicopter retrieves the bodies of victims from the wreckage of the plane
One stripped to his pants and was agile enough to vault over several rows to reach the first-class exits. Another made his way over the top of the seats and picked up life vests along the way, which he then handed out by the door. He even swam back into the rising water to collect more.
In other words, some were leaders, some were followers, some were self-sufficient survivors and, tellingly, last out was Sully, who stayed back to check that none of his passengers was left behind.

There are exceptions, of course, but generally, experts say that up to 30 per cent of the deaths in plane crashes are preventable if passengers know what to do.
Apparently, around 80 per cent of us show “behavioural inaction” in such a crisis, awaiting instructions, ten per cent act swiftly and decisively and ten per cent dangerously or counter-productively.
I don’t know which category I fall into and I hope to never find out.
But I do know that the next time the safety demo comes on, I will be watching very closely indeed.

Cheesy's three-sy
RESEARCHERS reckon that most novels follow just six types of story.
Rags to riches; riches to rags; fall then rise; rise then fall; rise, fall, then rise and fall, rise then fall.
I’m thinking about writing a screenplay (sadly, that’s as far as I’ve got) so recently went on a three-day course by story expert Robert McKee, who, coincidentally, said that saying you feel inspired to write something is much like standing on the steps of Carnegie Hall humming.
11 Heath Ledger's character in 10 Things I Hate About You is the perfect example
But I digress. Which, hey- ho, is part of my problem.
Anyway, he mused that there are just three acts to most “chick flick” movies (for anyone who doesn’t know the genre, just stand behind a 14-year-old girl when she’s watching TV) and, as ably illustrated by the Heath Ledger film 10 Things
I Hate About You, they are as follows:
Act One: He’s a b*****d.
Act Two: He’s a complete and utter b*****d.
Act Three: He’s all right when you get to know him.
related storiesGAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack FARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone HAMM SLAM Philip Hammond sparks uproar from Brexiteers in rant over consequences of No Deal CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April YOU MOZ BE JOKING School music lessons must 'swap Mozart for Stormzy' to improve grades PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find ME-OUCH Cat owner's face swelled & she ended up in hospital after scratch caused reaction 
Bennell lessons to heed
AS parents, we constantly warn our children about “stranger danger”.
But what about the abusers operating in plain sight?
Barry Bennell was a much-respected talent scout and youth team coach who could make or break a young footballer’s dreams.
AP:Associated Press11 Barry was convicted on three separate occasions for abusing youngsters
But he has been accused of giving “hundreds” of them nightmares with a catalogue of alleged abuse that defies belief – and the parents had absolutely no idea.
Why would they? After all, he was a much-vaunted pillar of the footballing community so, understandably, they trusted their child to his care while presumably remaining on full alert for the more stereotypical flasher at the local park.
It is appalling that even those in authority failed to act when allegations first arose.
So all credit to those who have already come forward to talk about their experiences.
Let’s hope that this time, it really does make a difference in how similar cases are handled in the future.

Getty Images11 Gary has taken drastic measures and banned electronics in the evenings
Say bye b-iPad
GARY BARLOW has banned the use of new technology in his home after 8pm.
“I realise the world continues to turn and nobody dies if I don’t answer an email immediately,” he says.
Hear, hear.
Meanwhile, new research suggests that creative activities such as drawing, jam-making and knitting improve your emotional well being by making you calmer and more relaxed.
Getty Images11 turning off electronics at night is good for well being
It may or may not have escaped your notice but woolly pom-poms are back in vogue and at the weekend I taught my kids, who are 12 and 24, and their friends how to make one.
Three hours later about 20 pom-poms had been made with varying success, but the undoubted highlight was the animated conversation we shared in the absence of the distracting scourge that is new technology.
It was utter bliss.
PA:Press Association11 Please let Ed win the election like he won our hearts on Strictly
Try using your Ed, Labour
AT the start of September I predicted that the “funny, charming, self-deprecating and gung-ho” Strictly contestant Ed Balls would “do a John Sergeant and hang on in there”.
Now here’s another prediction from Mystic Moore. He’ll stand at the next election, storm it, and, please God, eventually take over Labour from the muppet currently running the show.

PA11 Nigel hasn't been out of the spotlight since his 'retirement'
Gotta keep Nigel busy!
FOLLOWING the Brexit vote on June 23, Ukip’s Nigel Farage announced his retirement.
Since then he’s barely been off our TV screens, either giving it to the current administration with both barrels, pressing the flesh of Trump et al in the United States or stirring up trouble with his obvious enthusiasm for an ambassadorial role.
One can only assume that when he uttered the words, “Honey, I’m home…for ever”, the long-suffering Mrs F retorted, “No, you’re bloody well not”, and propelled him straight back out again.
MEMO to former PM Sir John Major, who is advocating a second referendum over Brexit because, “the tyranny of the majority has never applied in a democracy”:
Presumably this doesn’t apply to the majority vote that got you elected?


