Married dad wrote paedo blog with short stories titled ‘Little Hannah’s Summer of Molestation’, ‘The Rape of Abigail’ & ‘Spit Roast Night for Little Hannah’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2290046/married-dad-wrote-paedo-blog-with-short-stories-titled-little-hannahs-summer-of-molestation-the-rape-of-abigail-spit-roast-night-for-little-hannah/
29th November 2016, 6:33 pm

A PIANO teacher has avoided jail despite leading a double life as a paedophile blogger called "The English Perv". 
Child safety campaigners have slammed the decision to allow married dad-of-two Phillip Fawcett to walk free with a three-year community order.

Cavendish Press5 Phillip Fawcett ... dad-of-two has been given a three-year community order and banned from working with kids after leading a double life as a paedophile blogger
The 48-year-old had posted 60 stories, blogs and poems fantasising about the sexual abuse of children in between giving music classes to other youngsters.
Some of sick stories were entitled 'Little Hannah's Summer of Molestation', 'The Rape of Abigail', 'Spit Roast Night for Little Hannah' and 'Master Child Abuser at Work' and were shared with other paedophiles via a website known as ''Loliwood Studios.''
But grammar school educated Fawcett was unmasked when police raided his home in Lancaster after a tip off.
The tutor who has worked for 25 years teaching children piano in their own homes and played piano recitals at churches and cathedrals, was also found to have 1,220 sick images of children on his laptop and USB sticks.
The age range of the children in the images was between five and 14, and half were children under the age of 10.
YouTube5 Fawcett had worked as a piano teacher for 25 years, and taught his pupils from the comfort of their own homes
Fawcett, who has two children aged nine and 11, later insisted he never harmed any of the youngsters he taught - although he admitted ''fantasising'' about them during lessons.
At Preston Crown Court, he pleaded guilty to three counts of making indecent images, one count of possessing indecent images, one count of possessing prohibited images and sex counts of publishing obscene material.
He escaped with a three-year community order with a 60 day rehabilitation requirement after he asked to get treatment. He was also put on a sexual harm prevention order, and made to sign the Sex Offenders register for five years.
But after the case Fay Maxted Chief Executive of victims group The Survivors Trust said: "The use of sexualised images of children and blogs describing offences against children are known to be a factor in an offender's progression towards physically sexually abusing children.
Alamy5 Preston Crown Court ... child safety campaigners have slammed the court decision to allow the dad-of-two to walk free
''Fawcett's behaviour is a disgusting betrayal not only of the children in the images but of all the children he has been in contact with over the years and the parents who placed their trust in him.
"It is very difficult to accept that a community sentence reflects the damage that Fawcett's behaviour has promoted and revelled in. This doesn't feel like justice.
''Child sexual abuse has the potential to totally ruin a child's life and to have a lasting impact on their mental health and wellbeing, their education and their future relationships into adulthood.
"When images are produced they remain available on the internet as a permanent reminder of the offences and are an ongoing source of harm and distress to the victims.''
Earlier prosecutor Miss Mercedah Jabbari said: "On January 28 this year an officer received information that the defendant could be in possession of indecent images of children.
"On arrival at his home, they saw the defendant in his vehicle and a search of his home was conducted and a laptop and several memory sticks were seized.
"The laptop and two memory sticks had indecent images and the majority were on the laptop.
"There was a total of 215 Category A images and 11 videos, 250 Category B images and 160 Category C images.
Cavendish Press5 Fawcett admitted to storing hundreds of child abuse images and posting them to his website, 'The English Perv' at Preston Crown Court
"There was also 595 prohibited images of children found.
"There were 1,220 in total. Forensic investigation revealed written stories, blogs and poems about the sexual molestation of children which had been uploaded on to a specific website using the name 'English Perv'.
''This had been reproduced by another website called Loliwood Studios.
"Sixty stories had been written by the username English Perv and most details were indicative of sexual content.
"Articles had been published in 2012 but further investigation revealed written material had been uploaded or modified from 2012 onwards.
"He was interviewed and said he got the pictures on an email from a site he used for browsing erotic fiction.
"He visited those sites and another user had seen his email address on there and sent him the images.
"He said he first used it in 2012 and last used it two weeks prior to the interview.
"He confirmed the majority were of no interest and were not kept.
"When he was asked why he saved them he stayed by that stage he had a curiosity of children in sexual situations.
"The stories he wrote were around 1,500 words in length and were about the scenarios in the images.
"He told officers there were around 50 images and he posted them to a website Loliwood Studios, that was the only place he had loaded them.
Child sexual abuse has the potential to totally ruin a child's life and to have a lasting impact on their mental health and wellbeingThe Survivors Trust 
"He said he also sent samples to a particular email address he had been emailing since 2012.
"The user had posted approving comments and they had begun conversing via email.
"That user was from North America."
"He confirmed other users made comments on the content of the images such as 'how pretty do you think she is' and 'would you marry her?'. He commented on legal images of young girls saying 'I'd like to f**k her'.
"He had been a piano teacher for 25 years and interested in children for the last ten years.
"He searched for prohibited images on Yahoo.com and transferred them on to a USB stick.
"He said one of the girls was based on a real life girl but towards the end of the interview he changed that statement and said he was not describing a young child."
Cavendish Press (Manchester) Ltd5 Sentencing, the judge described Fawcett's articles as 'sickening' pieces of work which 'revel in what you would do to children, expressed in the most cruel and abusive terms'
Defending Fawcett, James Heyworth, said: "He fully appreciates the impact of his offending on those around him.
"His marriage was already in some difficulties and as a consequence of what he's done he tried to take his own life.
"He won't be teaching children to play the piano anymore and will have to carry with him the stigma of this kind of offence.
"He is a caring father of two children and leads a fairly unremarkable life.
"He's intelligent enough to show sufficient inside of this never happening again.''
But sentencing, the judge Mr Recorder Guy Mathieson said: "You prepared a blog, uploaded and further disseminated on to the internet of 60 articles or more, some of which I've had the reluctant privilege of reading.
RELATED STORIES CommentDave Kidd Scandal engulfing football but it's not only the sport open to abuse from predatory paedo coaches baby rapist suicide Paedophile rapist hanged himself in jail after inmates took out 'contracts' to attack him UK'S YOUNGEST PAEDO HUNTER Brave 11-year-old targeted by paedophile turned sleuth to record his advances Exclusive'I STILL HAVEN'T HAD AN APOLOGY' Woman suing UK Athletics for failing to protect her from a convicted paedophile coach ExclusiveWOULD YOU TRUST THIS MAN? Self-confessed ‘virtuous paedophile’ claims friends and family are HAPPY for him to play with their kids SHAMED ROCKER Who is Ian Watkins? Former Lostprophets frontman and convicted paedophile 
''They are a series of sickening articles, exploring and expressing your own desires, revelling in what you would do to children, expressed in the most cruel and abusive terms.
"You delight, it seems, in discussing your desire and expressing them in this way with like minded individuals in which you legitimise and encourage this behaviour in others, in yourself and in abusers of children.
"Whilst you were you say leading this secret life revelling in the abuse of children you were going into other people's homes to teach their children music and one of the factors in this case that I take into account is that you accept that whilst you were teaching young children, girls especially the piano, you were fantasising about sexual desires towards them.
''I accept you have never acted upon these but that is a terrifying idea for any parents of any children you have had contact with over many years as to what might have happened having lead you into their home.
Whilst you were teaching young children, girls especially the piano, you were fantasising about sexual desires towards themGuy Mathieson 
"You have come up with all sorts of explanations and justifications and excuses for why you have acted in this way - but noone else is responsible for your offending.
"Your offending is serious enough to cross the custody threshold however you pleaded guilty at the first opportunity - but it there are people it seems willing to work with and control you as best they can to try and reintegrate you into society.
"I take the view for your offending you should go to prison.
"The balance to that is that that may not benefit society as a whole on your release.
"My balancing act is not only to punish you but to try and protect society in the future and if rehabilitation is the best way to achieve that then that's the best sentence.
"I'm prepared to take an exceptional course.''

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.


