Polish PM Beata Szydlo warns the EU it must ‘compromise’ to seal successful break-away deal for Britain
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2277075/polish-pm-beata-szydlo-warns-the-eu-it-must-compromise-to-seal-successful-break-away-deal-for-britain/
28th November 2016, 3:08 am
THE POLISH Prime Minister has warned the EU that they must compromise to get a good Brexit deal for Britain as she comes to visit the UK today.
In comments that will be welcomed by many ministers, Beata Szydlo said there must be a good agreement to guarantee "economic and security cooperation" in future.
Getty Images3 Drawing the line ... Theresa May has pledged more British troops to defend Eastern Europe against Russia
European Union officials have so far been cold towards Britain in the hope that a poor Brexit deal will put off other countries from holding referendums on their membership.
Last week David Davis was rudley snubbed by two of the EU's negotiating chiefs when he flew over to Brussels to try and clear the air ahead of talks.
But the Polish PM and other Eastern European countries are backing up Britain's fight for a strong deal.
Ms Szydio promised that Poland would be a "constructive partner" in the upcoming talks.
Reuters3 Teething pains ... Polish PM Beata Szydlo is aiming to ease strained relations with the UK following Britain’s historic referendum result
Theresa May will today pledge more British troops to defend Eastern Europe against Russia as she launches a post-Brexit charm offensive on Poland.
Polish PM Beata Szydlo will arrive at Downing Street for crunch talks amid strained relations with our old ally following Britain’s historic referendum result.
Mrs May will tell her counterpart that she is “determined that Brexit will not weaken our relationship with Poland, rather it will serve as a catalyst to strengthen it” as she put security at the heart of her new deal with Europe.
Related storiesTONE IT DOWN Leaders need to cool their rhetoric on Brexit after campaigning has 'legitimised hate', says equalities watchdog Revealed'i've got no life' Nigel Farage receives death threats and can't leave home without security following Brexit and US election 'we need to take this in stages' Senior Labour figure refuses to rule out possibility of second EU referendum on Brexit deal ‘LET’S NOT DELUDE OURSELVES’ OBR head defends gloomy economic forecast claiming leaving EU would cost £60bn the blair switch project Tony Blair vows Brexit can still be 'STOPPED' as he returns to defy will of British voters 
Polish and British relations face a bumpy few years after concern about Eastern European immigration to the UK became a central plank of the often heated Brexit battle.
While promising to control migration from Europe, the PM will seek to maintain close relations with Europe on defence issues.
Over lunch the two Premiers will come together to discuss a resurgent Russia and the threat posed to NATO’s eastern flank.
And later the PM will announce that around 150 troops from the Light Dragoons regiment in Catterick, as well as a number of armoured vehicles, will arrive in Orzysz in north east Poland in April 2017
The pair will then jointly host a party at No10 “to pay tribute to the contribution made by the Polish community in the UK.”
AP:Associated Press3 Balls in his court ... Ms Szydlo will seek unity with Mrs May in anticipation of Russian moves into Eastern Europe
During the drinks party Mrs May will repeat “her strong condemnation of the attacks against Poles in the wake of the referendum result, underlining that hate crime of any kind has absolutely no place in British society.”
Speaking last night Mrs May said: “Our ties with Poland are rooted deeply in our shared history.”
“We will never forget the Polish pilots who braved the skies alongside us during World War Two, standing up for freedom and democracy in Europe, nor the valuable contribution made by so many Poles in our country today.”
Mrs May added that the meetings today would show “beyond doubt the common ground we share, the importance we attach to our bilateral relationship and the benefits it brings.”
She went on: “We share a clear commitment to take our cooperation to the next level and to firmly establish the UK and Poland as resolute and strategic allies in Europe.”


