Who is William Riley Gaul? US college footballer accused of killing cheerleader ex-girlfriend Emma Walker
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2261597/who-is-william-riley-gaul-us-college-footballer-accused-of-killing-cheerleader-ex-girlfriend-emma-walker/
25th November 2016, 10:28 am
US COLLEGE football player William Riley Gaul was charged with the murder of  his 16-year-old cheerleader ex-girlfriend Emma Walker.
Police believed the 18-year-old shot her through her bedroom window while she slept at home in Knoxville, Tennessee.
The victim's family allege the couple had just broken up and he refused to accept it.
After she died he posted a series of tributes and photographs on social media, saying: "I love you".
Twitter7 Gaul with Emma Walker ... Her family believe the couple had just broken up
Twitter7 Gaul is a football player at Maryville College while Emma Walker was a high school cheerleader
Who is William Riley Gaul?
William Riley Gaul, 18, is a student at Maryville College and plays as a wide receiver on the Tennessee university's American football team the Maryville Scots.
He most recently played on November 12 against Greensboro in North Carolina.
Gaul met Emma Walker, 16, at Central High School before he graduated earlier this year.
Emma was a cheerleader for the Knoxville school's sports teams and dreamed of becoming a nurse.
She was shot dead in the early hours of Monday 21 November while she slept.

You Caring7 Emma dreamed of growing up to become a nurse
Knox County Sheriff's Office7 Gaul, 18, was arrested hours after posting several tributes to Emma on social media
Gaul's tributes to Walker just before his arrest
Just before his arrest the following night, Gaul posted a series of tributes on social media declaring his love for Walker.
"To think that every memory we have, every happy special moment we shared, can't ever be relived. I love you Emma Jane Walker," he wrote.
"The amount of pain your family, me, the community are in because of this is insurmountable. Every time we held hands, kissed, hugged, to imagine that I'll never have that ever again hasn't quite yet hit me yet.
"I'll never forget those times we talked about our future and what kind of dog we'd get and how awesome our family would be.
"I'll never forget sitting on the couch, watching Dr. Pimple Popper and making popcorn and laughing and holding you.
"You're beautiful, you're amazing, you're funny, compassionate, caring... you're my best friend. There's not a human on earth that can make the impact that you've had on my life. I miss you more than anything.
"Just knowing you have someone that's so in love with you gives you so much hope for your life ahead, and it can be taken away, just like that."
He also shared images of the couple together.
Twitter7 Police believe Gaul shot Emma through her bedroom window
You Caring7 Emma Walker was killed in the early hours of Monday 21 November
Gaul's arrest
Gaul was arrested by police who kept him under surveillance believing he would begin to destroy vital evidence that could prove his guilt.
On Thursday 24 November he was charged with Emma Walker's murder and he is being held on a £600,000 bond in the Knox County Jail.
He will appear in court charged with first degree murder.
Twitter7 Emma's family believe Gaul refused to accept her breaking up with him

READ MORE
‘REST EASY NOW SWEETHEART’ American footballer tweets love for cheerleader girlfriend hours before being arrested for her murder

Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368


