Chancellor announces £240m of grammar schools funding in Autumn Statement as he aims to fulfil PM’s promises of improving social mobility
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2248679/chancellor-announces-240m-of-grammar-schools-funding-in-autumn-statement-as-he-aims-to-fulfil-pms-promises-of-improving-social-mobility/
23rd November 2016, 5:27 pm
PHILIP HAMMOND announced the Government would spend £240 million on expanding grammar schools to try and fulfil Theresa May's plans to boost social mobility.
The Chancellor's Autumn Statement revealed that £60m would be spent each year for four years, starting from 2017, to allow grammars to expand.
Reuters5 The Autumn Statement revealed tens of millions of pounds more funding for grammar schools
First, the Government will give £60m in additional funding for existing grammars to expand.
They have also set out proposals for further reforms in a consultation document.
The Autumn Statement said: "As part of the government’s ambitious plans to ensure every child has access to a good school place, the Prime Minister has announced plans to allow the expansion of selective education in England.
"The government will provide £50 million of new capital funding to support the expansion of existing grammar schools in each year from 2017-18, and has set out proposals for further reforms in the consultation document ‘Schools that Work for Everyone’."
Alamy5 Labour say the policy is "baffling" and won't help social mobility
Just days after the Prime Minister unveiled her plans for a change in policy which she hopes will help poorer children to do better, dozens of councils indicated they would be seeking to open new selective schools as soon as possible. A poll from the summer suggested that 35% of the public supported them for social mobility.
But the Government tried to play down the news today, and Hammond only referred to the extra funding once in his speech. There was no new money announced for schools or education in general.
"The government’s education reforms have raised standards and expanded opportunity with 1.4 million more children now in ‘good’ or ‘outstanding’ schools," Mr Hammond said earlier today.
"And the new capital funding I have provided today for grammar schools will help to continue that trend."
RELATED STORIESSTUDENT TRAGEDY Talented student killed herself on A-level results day because she missed out on first choice uni ExclusiveSELECTION SHOCKER Poor kids less likely to go to top unis if they live in area with grammar schools, study finds SELECTION BOOSTS SUCCESS Poor white boys three times more likely to go to top universities if they attend grammar schools Exclusive'Time for a rethink' Blow to PM's grammar school revival after social mobility tsar warns poor kids will be left behind GRAMMARS REALLY DO WORK Grammars can be ‘transformative’ for working class kids and help catch up with middle classes 
Not all Conservatives are on board with the move, however. Many backbenchers, including the former Education Secretary Nicky Morgan, have signalled that they may not support the measures.
And Labour are opposed to the plans too, with the Shadow Education Secretary Angela Rayner saying the plans were "baffling".
She said during an Opposition Day Debate yesterday that the policy "is not the answer to Britain's social mobility crisis and the Government knew that too until very recently."
Reports have shown that they could "fail the poor" - exactly the people the PM is trying to help boost.
News Group Newspapers Ltd5 Angela Rayner, Labour's Shadow Education Secretary, said that grammars did not boost social mobility
The Education Secretary, Justine Greening, disagreed with Ms Rayner.
She said: "The reality is that grammars can have potentially a transformational impact in some of the most deprived communities where we want to see the biggest changes."
The Conservatives stressed yesterday that grammar schools plans were open to "consultation", but today have confirmed they will go ahead with funding the changes.
Former Shadow Home Secretary Andy Burnham asked today how the Government could justify the money, when no more was put aside for social care.
£50 million for grammar schools. Nothing for social care. Tells you all you need to know about this Government's priorities.— Andy Burnham (@AndyBurnhamGM) November 23, 2016


Getty Images5 The Chancellor gets ready to give his first Autumn Statement
The think tank Demos also said it was "not the right focus" for the Government.
"It is surprising that the Government is planning to set aside substantial funds to aid the setting up of new grammar schools, given the evidence that current grammars tend to perpetuate educational inequality and new ones don’t seem likely to help the Just About Managing families that the Prime Minister is focused on," said Ralph Scott, head of Citizenship at Demos.
He also pointed out that schools budgets overall would be declining in real terms over the course of the parliament, and expressed concern over the recruitment of teachers.
5
Other policies the Chancellor announced today include:

A £1bn U-turn on cuts in benefits to poorer workers with a reverse of some of George Osborne’s £3.4bn axe to Universal Credit
The National Living Wage will go up 30p an hour to £7.50, meaning a £600 a year pay rise for full-time workers
£1.4bn spent on making it cheaper to buy or rent a house, shared between three current schemes; Affordable Rent, Shared Ownership and Rent to Buy. 
Fuel duty will be frozen again for another year when he scraps a 2 rise in the hated tax on pumps saving drivers £130 a year
A £5bn infrastructure package to boost the economy after Brexit, including new road building and broadband
A ban on letting agent’s fees to ease the squeeze on 4.3million households in private housing
The tax-free personal tax allowance is being raised to £11,500 in 2017-18 while the point at which you pay the higher rate of income tax will increase to £45,000
A pledge to use £102m of LIBOR banking fines to support armed forces and emergency services charities, as well as money from the so-called ‘Tampon Tax’ given to women’s charities
The insurance premium tax hiked from 10% to 12% to pay for other spending commitments
£390m on future transport technology, including driverless cars, renewable fuels and energy efficient transport
£1.1bn to reduce congestion and upgrade local roads and public transport, £1bn to invest in full-fibre broadband and trialling 5G networks, and £2bn more per year in research and development funding by 2020-21



