Mum-of-two Charli Crowe says having a knees-up for her breasts helped her fight cancer
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/2041905/mum-of-two-charli-crowe-says-having-a-knees-up-for-her-breasts-helped-her-fight-cancer/
25th October 2016, 3:39 am
BEING told you are about to lose a breast is one of the most traumatic experiences a woman can have.
Yet some cancer patients decide to “celebrate” losing their boobs. Mastectomy parties are becoming increasingly popular in the UK, while bakeries are taking more requests for boob-shaped cakes.
Stewart Williams5 Bye bye boobs party helped Charli on the way to happiness
When mum-of-two Charli Crowe was told she would have to lose a breast to cancer last December, her instinct was not to run away and hide. Instead, she had a knees-up for her friends and family.
Here, Charli, 28, who lives in Norwich with husband Gary, 36, a full-time dad, and their daughters Summer-Rose, four, and three-year-old Lillie-Mae tells her story.
She says: "The music was pumping, glasses were filled with bubbly and all around me my closest friends and family were bopping around the living room surrounded by balloons and streamers. Yet it wasn’t my birthday or an anniversary — this was a party to say goodbye to my left breast.
 
5
I had decided to hold a “mastectomy party” because I am, by nature, a party girl. I love having a good time. I’m always the first one on the dance floor and the last to leave.
I don’t want anyone to remember me as “the girl with cancer”. I want them to remember me, if it comes to that, as the fun-loving girl.
When I was first told I had cancer in November last year after finding a lump in my left breast, it felt like a death sentence. But my attitude was that I was going to fight it.
"I was given the date for my ­surgery — December 18 — and decided I was going to say goodbye to my boob in style. I started posting on Facebook and set up my own page, detailing my fight against the disease.
5
One lady shared pictures of her mastectomy party and I thought, “That’s it”.
"I asked if anyone locally could help, and a lady from the 7 Surrey Street Cafe in ­Norwich, Lyn McAlister, offered to make some special boob-shaped cupcakes. I bought balloons, streamers and a banner. I got a fab new party dress as well, and I was ready to celebrate. Some people might find it very odd to be celebrating losing a breast, but it helped my mental attitude so much.
Of course, there have been tears and a lot of stress and heartache along the way, too.
My nan died from breast cancer when I was 19, so I knew the gene was in my family.
I had been to the doctor’s a year earlier with another lump but that turned out to be a harmless cyst.
I breezed in to see the doctor, thinking this would also be harmless. I had an ultrasound, mammogram and a biopsy.
Kris Hallenga CoppaFeel! festival is now in my top ten favourite life events Video'I can't believe I got through it' Charity founder living with cancer opens up on her emotional Fabulous Challenges trek leading the way More women with breast cancer are following Angelina Jolie’s example and having both boobs removed DO YOU KNOW THE DANGER SIGNS? Fearne Cotton and Tom Fletcher highlight breast cancer symptoms for CoppaFeel 
Afterwards the doctor sat me down and said: “We’re 90 per cent certain that it is cancer.” My world fell apart. It was two days before my 28th birthday. I thought: “I’m too young. I keep myself fit swimming and doing fitness classes.”
So many things run through your head: What about my children? How will my husband cope? Gary looks after the girls full-time, as he has health issues of his own, being diabetic and epileptic.
I was in floods of tears. The diagnosis was confirmed and I was told there were five cancer ­“masses” within my left breast and it was grade two cancer, which is quite aggressive. Surgery was arranged for the next month.
I could have spent the intervening weeks sitting in a chair feeling sorry for myself. But my instincts were to fight — I started taking lots of pictures detailing my treatment and set up my Charli’s Fight Facebook page.
5
I started getting lots of emails and messages from other women with cancer, saying how much I was helping them. Their support meant so much to me.
We decorated the house with masses of balloons, a banner and streamers, and bought lots of wine. I invited friends and family — my Uncle Rob came all the way from Wales.
When he walked in, there were a few tears but the mood of the party was upbeat.
We had drinks at my house and danced around the living room for a couple of hours then we went for a meal at TGI Friday’s, kicking off with a round of cocktails on the house.
After that we went clubbing and danced until the small hours.
I was definitely a little bit tipsy and had a fabulous time with all my friends and family around me. We had said goodbye to my boob in style.
The party marked a turning point for me — I was going to face the future with courage, whatever it might hold.
We went months without sex and at times we were barely talking
The surgery went well and I was in hospital for just one night before being told to go home and rest.
In January I met with my oncologist, who recommended a course of chemotherapy and radiotherapy — quite aggressive treatments but they wanted to make sure they mopped up any lone cells.
I had six sessions of chemo, starting in February — one every three weeks. That was not fun — it was the worst experience of my life.
I called a halt between the last of my treatments as I couldn’t face them. I was so ill I had to be helped from the bed to the toilet. All my hair fell out and I felt so sick and weak.
It definitely affected my relationship with Gary.
5
From being a couple with a good sex life, we went months without sex and at times we were barely talking.
Cancer puts such a strain on your ­relationship. I wanted to be upbeat and fight it but there are so many worries. It was so stressful.
I finished the chemotherapy in July then started radiotherapy, which made me much less ill but burned me all down one side of my body.

Gary didn’t want to make love to me because he thought he would hurt me, and if he accidentally caught me turning over in bed it was agony. We are much closer now but it has taken time to adapt.
In August I had an MRI scan which showed all the cancer had gone. I’m about to start taking the cancer drug Tamoxifen and I’ll be on that for about ten years.
I don’t think cancer can ever be a positive experience but I have learned so much. Throwing a mastectomy party did me the world of good. It signalled that I am still here, still fighting and not prepared to give up on the fun-loving woman I am."
POSITIVE ATTITUDE IS THE KEY TO RECOVERYDANY BELL, is  the treatment and recovery programme lead at Macmillan Cancer Support.
She says: “Every woman will experience their cancer diagnosis in a different way and mastectomy parties may not be for everyone.
“But throwing a party shows a  strong, positive attitude and here at Macmillan we have done  lots of research into how having a strong mental attitude and the support of friends and family will have a significant impact on recovery rates.
“Anxiety and depression can be the worst side effects of cancer, and emotional well-being is so vital to recovery and survival.
“Throwing a party to say goodbye to your breast is a very positive way of approaching surgery. We’re also learning that more women find strength  and support online, via Facebook  and Twitter.
“We offer an online community and helpline at Macmillan so women do not feel alone.
“I never cease to be amazed by the courage women exhibit when they are told they have cancer. Throwing a party  gives you something positive to focus on, and having a few  drinks with  friends will not do you any harm.
“We’re obviously not advocating heavy drinking before surgery, but a few social drinks as a means of relaxing can be beneficial, in moderation – and a bit of dancing will do you no harm at all.”


