What do the stars have in store for you today?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1985740/what-do-the-stars-have-in-store-for-you-today-34/
16th October 2016, 3:03 am
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
Now that the full moon visits your sign, delays are finally over and nagging doubts will disappear.
This gives you a surge of creative energy.
Something you devise at home, especially if a video game is involved, is destined for success.
Meanwhile, Venus revs up and love gets adventurous.
1
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
Your intuition has never been better.
This, plus the low-key but clever questions you ask, will solve mysteries about finances and feelings.
If you start the week single, there’s a strong, mutual attraction when you meet another Taurus – although the relationship could be very competitive.
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
As Venus visits your wedding chart you could meet someone for the first time and, within minutes, know you will get married.
At work your interesting ideas and your keen eye for detail impress the bosses.
Just remember that whispered words you hear are rarely reliable.
CANCER
June 22 to July 22
Your sense of ambition is in full swing and you discover just how far it can take you, both in the working world and when it comes to personal projects.
Love-wise, Mars gives you the confidence to let that special someone know you are looking for commitment.
LEO
July 23 to August 23
Smart ideas combine with the ability to read a boss’s mind can put you on track for success.
In relationships, the way Jupiter helps you talk to a partner like a good friend deepens mutual understanding and makes you feel far more secure about love and sharing a future together.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
A healing moon brings out the best in family life and a fresh start could also get shared property plans moving in the right direction.
Your lovelife has a makeover and, as a result, your relationship will be a lot deeper, yet far more fun. Single?
A Leo is so not your type, but somehow it works.
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
This week you’re something of an expert on relationships and you see that it’s worth making a few compromises in order to keep a bond strong.
If you’re single, you choose a love you can really talk to.
At work your ideas are singled out for praise, although it will be wise to share the credit.
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
You handle a challenging new set-up at work in a clever, businesslike way which also demonstrates that you’re smart enough to steer clear of the gossip gang.
A private renewal of love promises draws you and a partner closer than ever before.
Luck will visit door number eight.
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
The luckiest full moon of your year gives you every chance of winning whatever will make you happiest – whether it’s a cash prize, a talent contest or a sports event.
When it comes to matters of the heart you are tempted to dismiss a friend’s double-dating plans as unrealistic but they will work.
CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
Right now you have a deeper faith in your own abilities, especially at work.
While colleagues fret and worry about problems, you are already coming up with solutions.
Meanwhile, as Mars and Pluto merge in your sign, you’ll have some exciting yet unexpected love decisions to make.
AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
Seeing love as just one part of your life instead of focusing on it to the exclusion of other things has a positive effect on a partnership.
If you are single, getting involved in a community project brings a new love into your life – a special someone who works in the music business.
PISCES
February 19 to March 20
Finances come into sharp focus right now, so showing you have worked out costs should help green-light a project that really matters to you, your friends and family.
A love question may be asked in a casual, jokey way, but it is more important than you think so do give a sincere answer.

