After the fourth anniversary of April Jones’ abduction and murder, her sister Jazmin opens up about life without her
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1971926/after-the-fourth-anniversary-of-april-jones-abduction-and-murder-her-sister-jazmin-opens-up-about-life-without-her/
16th October 2016, 12:14 am
EVERY morning, for just a few seconds before she opens her eyes, Jazmin Jones forgets her sister April isn’t in the bed opposite any more.
“We shared a bedroom for three years and in my mind she’s still there, tucked up with her teddies,” says Jazmin.
Fabulous8 There were 11 years between Jazmin and April and she loved being a big sister
“The moment I realise her bed is empty, it hurts. I’ve learned to live with the pain, but it doesn’t go away.”
On October 1, 2012, five-year-old April was abducted in her hometown of Machynlleth in Powys. 
Five days later, local man and father of six Mark Bridger, 50, was charged with her murder, despite the fact no body had been found.
Forensic evidence, including spots of blood in Bridger’s home and bone fragments in the log burner there were later found to be hers. 
In 2013 he was convicted of April’s murder, and given a whole life sentence. 
Aged 16 when her younger sister was killed, Jazmin, who is now a barmaid in her hometown, had to grow up overnight.
“I was a normal teenager, hanging out with friends at a youth club after college,” she remembers. 
“But when Mum phoned sobbing that April was missing, my entire life changed. At first I didn’t understand. Mum just kept saying: ‘She’s gone. Someone’s taken her.’ 
“I ran home to our house which was filled with police, while Mum was out in her car searching for April. It all hit me then and I felt sick.”
Fabulous8 April was five years old when she disappeared and was last seen getting into a car
April had been playing near her home on the Bryn-y-Gog estate just after 7pm when her friend saw her get into a four-wheel-drive vehicle, which then drove away.
When April’s mother Coral, now 44, sent 10-year-old Harley to fetch his sister, he found her friend alone next to April’s abandoned bicycle.
It was Harley’s screams as he raced home gripping April’s bike that raised the alarm she’d been snatched. 
Coral made a desperate 999 call to report her daughter’s disappearance, and within minutes an enormous police operation had swung into action, informing the public a child was missing.
Officers from Dyfed-Powys Police, along with hundreds of volunteers from the area, began to comb the town. 
Jazmin joined in the hunt.
“I couldn’t sit and wait – I had to try to find her,” she says. 
“I began knocking on doors and searching alleys. The streets were filled with people shouting April’s name. The night began with me hoping she’d gone to a friend’s, but as dawn broke, I knew she must have been abducted. I was terrified.”
With 11 years between her and April, Jazmin adored being a big sister.
Fabulous8 Jazmin still wakes up expecting to see her baby sister curled up in bed next to her
“When April was born, I vividly remember Mum and Dad bringing her home from hospital and being instantly besotted. I helped feed and change her, and when she was two we began sharing a bedroom. By then I was a teenager, but I didn’t mind taking part in April’s imaginary tea parties or letting her try on my clothes and shoes. 
“As her big sister, I always wanted to look after her, so when she went missing I felt completely helpless.”
The day after April’s disappearance, police arrested Mark Bridger after April’s friend described his car. 
An alcoholic, he was a former abattoir worker who lived alone in a cottage just a few miles from the Jones’ house. 
Single after several failed relationships, he was a paedophile with a vast collection of child pornography on his computer.
“When the police first told us his name, it rang a bell, but I couldn’t place it,” says Jazmin. 
“Then, when I saw his face on the news, I froze. 
“I instantly recognised him from seeing him around town and remembered he’d tried to befriend me on Facebook a year earlier, but I’d rejected him. Now he was accused of being involved in my sister’s disappearance.”
Bridger was a trusted figure on the estate and had known April’s dad Paul, 48, from when they both dated local sisters years before.
Fabulous8 Mark Bridger, a paedophile who lived alone, was arrested a day after April's disappearance
For the next two days, Jazmin’s parents made emotional pleas in the media, revealing April suffered from a mild form of cerebral palsy and needed medication. 
Hundreds of police officers, the coastguard and volunteers scoured farmland, outbuildings and waterways for the five year old.
“I couldn’t bear to be at home,” admits Jazmin. 
“The house was filled with family, friends and police, with the news on in case there were any developments. Mum and Dad’s emotions swung from despair to anger to confusion. 
“I had to get away, so I’d creep out early in the morning and go to a friend’s house until late at night, hanging out and pretending life was normal for a while. Mum and Dad understood how I felt and allowed me to go, provided I called every few hours to tell them I was safe.
“I’d hide my emotions for fear of upsetting my parents, but I just knew April wasn’t coming home. I’d heard about Maddie McCann, Ben Needham and Sarah Payne. There’s been no happy ending for their families – I instinctively felt we were about to join them.”
On October 6, 2012, Bridger was charged with murder, child abduction and perverting the course of justice.
The Sun8 Jazmin and April's parents, Coral and Paul, made several heartfelt pleas in the media


He denied murdering April, but admitted to police he was probably responsible for her death. 
He claimed he’d hit her with his car, but couldn’t remember what he’d done with her body because he’d been drinking.
“Mum, Dad and I sat with a police liaison officer, taking in the news that they firmly believed Bridger had killed April,” recalls Jazmin. 
“I don’t remember any of us crying because we were just too stunned that this monster had been living among us. The thought that we’d never get her body back to say goodbye was incomprehensible.” 
Within days of Bridger being charged, Jazmin returned to Coleg Ceredigion Aberystwyth to continue her media studies course. 
“Some people were surprised, but Mum and Dad understood I needed normality,” she says.
“At college I could escape from the chaos for a few hours. Of course, there were pitying stares and people whispering as I walked down the hall. The whole town was traumatised by what had happened, but it was awful to be someone no one would ever want to be – the sister of a murdered little girl.”
In 2013, Bridger stood trial at Mold Crown Court and pleaded not guilty to murder.
Getty Images8 The cottage where April's DNA was found has since been demolished
As a result, Coral and Paul endured weeks of horrifying evidence about what police believed had happened to their daughter: that she was sexually assaulted, then killed – possibly by smothering – before being dismembered and her body scattered in the area around Machynlleth. 
Jazmin only attended court on the final day of Bridger’s trial to hear the verdict. 
“Mum and Dad spent Monday to Friday in Mold for the trial, while family cared for us at home,” Jazmin remembers. 
“When they came home at the weekends, they tried very hard to put on a brave face, but I could see the toll the evidence had taken on them. On that last day I wanted to be there to look Bridger in the eye, to scream: ‘Why her? Why April?’ But he showed no emotion or remorse. When I heard the word ‘guilty’, I felt relief but no closure, as we still didn’t have April’s body.”
It emerged after his trial that while on remand Bridger had apparently confessed to a prison chaplain that he may have flung April’s dismembered body parts in a river after murdering her. 
Yet despite officers searching land and water for 28 weeks following her abduction, no part of April’s body, other than the bone fragments in Bridger’s log burner, were ever found. 
In April 2013, the largest police search in UK history was formally called off.
“I’d accepted that we were never going to get April back, but it was so hard giving up the last shreds of hope,” says Jazmin.


NI8 Despite instigating the largest police search in UK history, only 17 bone fragments were ever found of April's body
RELATED STORIES Exclusive'Their deaths weren't in vain' 10 years after five Ipswich prostitutes were brutally murdered, here's the legacy left behind Exclusive'They ruined me' A PTA mum had DRUGS planted in her car as part of a vile plot after a simple playground misunderstanding ExclusiveObsession, conspiracies and murder Woman posed as a CIA agent to trick her PARENTS into killing her Facebook friends Exclusive'When it's quiet, the flashbacks come' Ten years on, Natascha Kampusch discusses the horror of being imprisoned Exclusive'I found his gun at age six thinking it was a toy' Woman on the trauma of discovering her dad was a BANK ROBBER 
In September 2013, the family were finally able to have a funeral after a 10-minute inquest where the coroner issued the death certificate. 
“It was almost exactly a year since April had disappeared before we could bury the 17 fragments of bone, which was all we had,” says Jazmin. 
“Mum, Dad and Harley went in a funeral car to the church, but I decided to walk behind the hearse. I wanted to go on that last journey with my little sister and see the hundreds of people who’d lined the streets, wearing pink ribbons in memory of April. I felt proud she’d united a whole town and touched so many hearts. But there was still no closure, because we hadn’t properly laid her to rest.”
Four years on from April’s death, Jazmin has had intensive counselling to help with her grief. 
“At first I didn’t want any, even when my parents and Harley had it. It wouldn’t bring April back,” she admits. 
“But three years ago I began drinking heavily several times a week to help wipe out all the emotions I was keeping bottled up. Mum and Dad gently tried to talk to me about my drinking. At first I refused to discuss it, but I eventually agreed to therapy and it really helped. We talked a lot about my anger, my frustration that it was April who was snatched, and how much I missed her.
Fabulous8 Jazmin at April's grave: She is determined her sister's death won't be in vain and she, with her family, have launched a petition to introduce April's Law


“Earlier this year, I met my boyfriend Scott [28, a cleaner] who’s been a huge support. We all take one day at a time. Christmas, April’s birthday and the anniversary of her disappearance are very hard, but we keep photos of her all over the house. Life has to go on, otherwise the pain would break you.”
Jazmin is determined her sister’s death won’t be in vain and last month, along with her family, launched a petition calling for “April’s Law” to be introduced by the government. 
“Currently, sex offenders can be on the register for as little as five years, depending on their offence and age. Under April’s Law, they’d stay on it for life,” explains Jazmin. 
“We’re also calling for internet search engines and service providers to be forced to filter out pages containing or promoting child pornography, plus tougher sentences for those caught with indecent images of children – they can be as lenient as a fine or community service.”
Jazmin adds: “I have to face a future without April. I’ll never know what sort of woman she’d have grown up into. I’m an adult now, but she’s forever five. I don’t want her to be forgotten, so if other families can be spared this pain, thanks to April’s Law, that will be my legacy for her.”
You can support April’s Law by signing the petition here.

