Isis now recruiting drug addicts, violent crooks and gang members to bring terror to the West
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/1949494/terror-network-recruiting-thousands-of-ex-convicts-who-hope-for-redemption/
11th October 2016, 10:30 am
ISIS leaders are turning to the criminal underworld as part of their latest campaign to bring terror to the west.
New statistics reveal more than half of European jihadis have reportedly been banged up or committed crimes.
6 This poster was shared on Facebook by Rayat al-Tawheed, a group of British Isis fighters from London calling themselves the “Banner of God”.
AP:Associated Press6 Abdelhamid Abaaoud who masterminded the Paris attacks was one of many ISIS fighters with a criminal past
Getty Images6 One of the Charlie Hebdo attackers - Said Kouachi - is alleged to have used funds from selling dodgy trainers to buy weapons for the massacre
This is according to a shocking new report by the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation (ICSR).
It suggests petty criminals and street gang members from poor communities are being enticed into the terrorist organisation.
Recently a poster was shared on Facebook by Rayat al-Tawheed, a group of British ISIS fighters from London calling themselves the “Banner of God”.
'Sometimes people with the worst pasts create the best futures,' reads the slogan, emblazoned on an image of a masked fighter wielding a Kalashnikov, walking into blinding light.
The reports claims criminal and terrorist networks across Europe are merging to create a dangerous brand of jihadi.
RELATED STORIES'WHAT GOD SAYS THAT'S OK?' British Pirates of the Caribbean star fighting ISIS in Syria in furious rant at funeral ON THE BACK FOOT New intelligence reveals ISIS has lost almost a THIRD of the land jihadis seized since last year MODEL TERROR PROBE Glamour girl groomed by ISIS jihadi arrested by police 'IT'S NO LIFE' Brit whose wife was jailed for 'helping him join ISIS' moans that he is 'suicidal' and 'misses fish and chips' Exclusive'THE THREAT IS HIGH' British troops given chemical warfare gear to protect them against possible ISIS gas attack in Iraq 
Professor Peter Neumann, director of the ICSR at King’s College London, said the new “crime-terror nexus” was making radicalisation harder to spot.
“A lot of analysts continue saying terrorists are middle or upper-class, Osama bin Laden was the son of a millionaire and the 9/11 attackers were students for instance,” he told The Independent.
“But I don’t think that doesn’t reflect the reality we have with ISIS – we need to rethink our strategy.”
Getty Images6 Amedy Coulibaly, who killed four people at a kosher supermarket in Paris, served time for receiving stolen goods, drug trafficking, and robbery
Times Newspapers Ltd6 Harry Sarfo reportedly described how he learned 'jihad' while in prison for robbery
Mr Neumann told the paper that security services expect the radicalised young men to change their behaviour, act "religiously" , growing beards and changing clothing.
But several fighters in the ICSR’s database continuing to smoke, drink and even take drugs up until their joining ISIS.
The ICSR is now calling for reform in European  jails to ensure staff spot radicalisation and effectively alert security services.

Alain Grignard, a senior member of Belgium’s counter-terror agency, said:  “Young Muslim men with a history of social and criminal delinquency are joining up with the Islamic State as part of a sort of ‘super-gang’.”
Reuters6 A member loyal to the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) waves an ISIL flag in Raqqa
The Washington Post reported that Islamic State has become a fruitful ground among Europe's street gangs and petty criminals, drawing itself to men from poor Muslim neighbourhoods.
“Some of these guys are just looking for an opportunity to justify their violence and criminality,” said Ali Soufan, a former FBI counterterrorism official and a consultant to government agencies on terrorist threats.
“Now, with ISIS, it is justified — because they can say they’re doing it for God.”

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 

