Childless couples are now throwing VASECTOMY parties and having ‘car showers’ instead of baby showers
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1928987/childless-couples-are-now-throwing-vasectomy-parties-and-having-car-showers-instead-of-baby-showers/
7th October 2016, 9:49 am
A YOUNG couple who have chosen to stay child free celebrated their decision with a vasectomy party.
Having had their fill of baby showers and christenings they invited their friends to a knees up in a “house filled with sharp furniture and exposed outlets”.
imgur3 The invitation showed the various items the couple would never need
Instead of baby name suggestions guests were invited to name their new boat.
The anonymous couple, who shared their story of Reddit, are among a growing community who shun parenthood and celebrate life in their own way.
They revealed they livened up the party with a game of The Price Is Right, where friends guessed the cost of ludicrous items they could afford with the money they saved on raising kids and paying university tuition fees.
Getty Images3
Young couples are throwing parties to celebrate their child free status
The idea was met with an enthusiastic response online.One reader posted: “Absolutely brilliant! Made me LOL, especially the wording on the invitation, the clever cake, and the advent calendar! Congratulations, by the way and have a happy childfree life!
Another added: “All a baby shower is a party to celebrate that you had sex. That a sperm managed to hit a fertile egg. A vasectomy shower is a party to celebrate soon to be sex.”
One childless man on the post explained how he was celebrating after persuading a reluctant doctor to give him the snip.
He wrote: “September 30th I will finally be on my way to true childfreedom!”
A woman calling herself “chubby heroine” said she and her husband were 28 and both knew they didn’t want kids so, after his vasectomy, they threw a bash.
She wrote: “The invites went like this ‘Do you want to come over and celebrate the neutering of my husband?’
RELATED STORIESTHE BUMP MAKER Sperm donor claims he could have fathered 100 children in four years by offering his services on Facebook 'I spoil her' Single mum on TV show On Benefits claims unemployed have better bond with their kids than working parents 'He's gagging for it' Jeremy Kyle tells fans he hasn't had sex for 'nine months, three weeks and three days' Building a new life Remember Bobby from the Brady Bunch? You won’t believe what he's up to now ER, THANKS MUM! Mum of seven still sleeps with her kids and won't leave them with anyone, even her HUSBAND, until they're two 
“Answers ranged from ‘Hell Yes! My vasectomy certificate is framed on the wall’ to ‘Is it a wake?’ I love our friends so so so much. So we are going to make cast iron pizzas, play Mysterium and celebrate our future life with no babies of our own.”
As well as vasectomy parties, non-parents are also throwing “car showers” and “not having a baby showers” to mark their decision.
One Reddit user wrote: “My not having a baby shower is this Sunday.”
PR businesswoman Marie Assante told the New York Post that she posted a birth announcement for her new car.
She wrote: “After nine months of hard labour I’m excited to welcome Stormy Sonata into my family of one. She came home at 5.44 p.m. and weighs 3,460 pounds”
Amy Smith revealed that she decided to throw a party to celebrate her husband’s snip after constant questions about having kids.
She said being asked when you are having kids is “invasive” and “frustrating”. She told the New York Post: "Why not just take ownership of the decision and celebrate it?”
Getty Images3 Couples are choosing a life without kids and celebrating the fact

