Pixie Lott leaves little to the imagination as she flashes the flesh in a revealing swimsuit during trip to Brazil
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/1892798/pixie-lott-leaves-little-to-the-imagination-as-she-flashes-the-flesh-in-a-revealing-swimsuit-during-trip-to-brazil/
1st October 2016, 6:02 pm
PIXIE Lott shed her clothes during her trip to Brazil to hang out by the pool in a skimpy pink swimsuit.
The singer flashed the flesh in a sexy Agent Provocateur cossie while enjoying some time off in Rio de Janeiro, where she is shooting a new music video.
Pixie headed to the South American country this week to work on a new pop promo, and she made the most of her downtime.
Xposure6 Pixie looked pretty in pink
She was spotted hanging out with friends by a swimming pool, and the star turned heads in a barely there pink swimsuit which was slashed up the side and back.
Pixie showed off some dance moves with a brunette pal, and even posted a video of their routine on Instagram.
The Mama Do singer captioned the clip: "We love to dance in Copacabana... wearing @agentprovocateur..."
Xposure6 She was spotted dancing with a friend
Xposure6 The singer flashed her bum in the revealing swimsuit
         View this post on Instagram           We love to dance in Copacabana 💃💃💃💃wearing @agentprovocateur 💕 A post shared by  Pixie Lott (@pixielott) on Sep 30, 2016 at 6:08am PDT

Xposure6 She looked happy and relaxed as she chilled by the pool
Pixie, 25, is back at work following a holiday in Ibiza to recover following her West End run in a stage adaptation of Breakfast at Tiffany's.
She left the production last month after three months on stage, and jetted to the sun-soaked Spanish party island for a break.
The blonde was spotted hanging out with her female friends on the girls only trip at hot spots including Ocean Beach and Blue Marlin.
Xposure6 Pixie is in Brazil to shoot a new music video
Related StoriesPIXIE HOTT Pixie Lott leaves her pals in the shade as she shows off killer beach bod on girls' holiday THEY GO ON FOR MILES Pixie Lott shows off her incredible legs while on holiday with friends in Ibiza A LOTT OF LACE Pixie Lott makes startling fashion fail in lace and string dress at BAFTA bash A LOTT OF LEG Pixie Lott shows off her fabulous long legs in cute denim hotpants and bra top as she leaves the theatre That's a lott of leg! Pixie Lott risks wardrobe malfunction as her skirt buttons come undone CHEEKY! Pixie Lott flashes a glimpse of her toned bum in tiny denim shorts SHE'S MEANT TO BE A PIXIE? Pixie Lott towers over tiny fan who stopped her for autograph in London Street A SEXY SPLASH! Pixie Lott frolics naked in the bath with co-star in Breakfast At Tiffany's 
Xposure6 Her swimsuit featured intricate detail along the back and side
During her time in Rio, Pixie also took part in a gig in the neighbourhood of Santa Marta along with a number of Brazilian artists including singer/songwriter Luan Santana.
She shared her experiences with fans in a post on Instagram, writing: "To sing in front of the beautiful community of Santa Marta (with Christ the Redeemer on the left) where the people were so friendly... was a real moment..."
The gig was part of Shell's Make the Future initiative.


