Making Space with Alex P and Brandon Block
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/clubz/1878592/making-space-with-alex-p-and-brandon-block/
30th September 2016, 9:30 am
AS we approach the final closing party of the legendary Space Ibiza this Sunday, it is fitting that we speak to two bona fide icons of the early days of the club, DJs Alex P and Brandon Block.
Alex and Brandon will be playing a much anticipated set this Sunday at Space as the club closes its doors for the last time. Their presence at the last ever party at Space is a testament and acknowledgement to the enduring love that is held across the dance community for the two British DJ legends who started the first Terrace parties at Space all those years ago and embodied the heady 90’s in the same way as the most legendary of hedonistic rock and roll stars.
3 Peezee and Blocko
Much of the antics and stories around Brandon and Alex's adventures have gone down in dance music folklore, like the time Alex stole a bus full of commuters from outside Pacha Ibiza and took them on a magical mystery tour to San Antonio or when Blocko rocked up on stage at a memorable Brit Awards in 2000 and Ronnie Wood threw a drink over poor Brandon who had been assured by his pals that he was the winner of the award Ronnie was presenting.

A surge of nostalgia in the scene has been evident over recent years as the next generation hear vintage dance music for the first time and a myriad of incredible contemporary DJs mix the old with the new. The resurgence of Clockwork Orange in recent years has been a catalyst for looking back in Ibiza and Brandon and Alex have been at the forefront of that too this summer.
We caught up with them both on the phone last week and they shared memories of how it all started on the Terrace at Space, Clockwork Orange and their excitement at playing at Space Ibiza for one last dance this weekend.
This is what we could print.
So let’s start at the beginning. Tell us about when you met and how the terrace got underway at Space Ibiza all those years ago?
Alex: I was already a resident DJ at Amnesia. I’d been to Space a few times and loved it. It was so crazy, it was unbelievable, it was full of the freaks! At that time it was inside only, one building inside with about 5 bars. It was a very different layout to what it is now. I fell in love with it. When I finished work at Amnesia at silly o’clock there was still somewhere for me to go and party. From then on I was always in Space, I loved the place. I got to know everyone in there. The music at that time was quite industrial but it had a mixture of the Balearic flavours. House was just really coming through. Anyway, José who owned Amnesia decided to sell the club and put me in touch with the new owners who are still the current owners. They wanted to go in a different direction which I didn’t think I could be part of. I’d been on the island 3 years and had been really successful over there and other clubs were interested in me, plus I was doing well back home too. I was just stepping onto the international stage too so I really wanted to push forward. José then introduced me to the guys at Space.
I’d gone to the island with my friend James Mitchel who was one of the key guys behind the rave scene with the Back To The Future and Sunrise events. He’d fallen out with his bird and I said to him why not come and spend the summer with me in Ibiza? So he was my sidekick when I went to meet the owner of Space, Pepe Roselló at the club. In those days each bar in the club was rented by a private entity. So we went in with the idea of renting one of the bars inside. Anyway, I got on with Pepe like a house on fire and I told him I loved the club, he said he loved my work at Amnesia, what I had done with the music policy and would I be keen to introduce that to his club. I said of course and that I really wanted to push things forward. Remember this is decades before MP3 so you really needed to know your stuff and have the contacts to be able to get the right records that other people just couldn’t get their hands on. My sound was based on the English underground as well as what was coming through commercially. Commercial music at that time was not considered cheesy. I championed both.
I became resident DJ at Space along with two Spanish DJs. The club ran from midnight till 10am the next day depending on how full the club was. From midnight it was a bit more of a commercial sound, then at 4am we closed for an hour and then we would open up for the freaks! Sometimes the parties would go on till the next day till we had to close for an hour again. My residency initially was inside the club.
So then I said to Pepe would James and I be able to take one of his bars, but he said all the bars inside were gone. So what came next was exactly how the Space Terrace came about. We went and sat outside the offices and sat in an area outside the club which was the Terrace, it was where the staff used to put their coats, there was a bar surface and a coffee machine. James and I were thinking maybe we should look for another bar somewhere else. Then a bunch of amazing looking women paraded by who were going for the PR jobs at the club. I looked at James and said ‘we have got to stay here’! We looked around and I said 'why don’t we do it here!' I thought I could play all the light fluffy stuff outside during the day instead of the heavier vibes inside and that we could make it an alternative to inside the club. James loved the idea and we decided to call it The Terrace Bar. The original name of the bar was the Full Moon Terrace Bar which we shortened. We met with Pepe again later and we asked him if we could set our bar up out there and run something alternative. Pepe laughed and said of course we could. I don’t think he was convinced that it was going to work. I had already been calculating in my head what I was going to do, speaking to all my big DJ mates from around the island and getting them to come down and do an alternative set for me. I wanted it funky and light hearted. I got the likes of Carl Cox, Sasha, Sven Vath, Mark Spoon, Cosmic Baby in to do it. Basically a flavour of the international DJs of the time and a lot of my English friends.
We plumbed the bar in out there, painted it white and decorated the Terrace. We did a deal with Pepe saying we could open pre-party so at 10pm and we started pre-parties for people rocking up at Space early. We did this for one season and were initially struggling with it. With my residency it was long, long hours, 7 days a week. I was sleeping at the club between sets, working behind the bar, a proper one man band and it was exhausting. It was full on and a proper learning curve. The second season which was 1992 we got a better sound system on the terrace and it started to gain a reputation and began to grow and grow from there. The inside of the club was doing really well and I was very much part of that but I decided to go in all guns blazing that second season on the terrace. With me inviting all my friends and the DJs I knew to come and play it became a bit of a social but an alternative social that everyone wanted to be a part of.
3
With the huge amount of work and crazy hours I realised I needed some help with it all, it was getting madder and madder and I thought to myself who is the only other person that could deal with it and there was only one other person, and that was Blocko. I had to call in the cavalry. So I put out a couple of feelers to see where he was and whether he was on the island. As luck would have it he was on the island but I had gone out on a bender and had ended up in Pacha. I was stumbling around outside afterwards off my cake and getting on different motorbikes, none of which were mine. I was getting Italian fellas coming up to me asking me what I was doing as they were their motorbikes. I was saying 'sorry mate, I’m looking for my moped!' So I got a few slaps. Anyway, I thought right, I’ll leave my moped there and I walked to the bus stop which was about 300 metres from Pacha’s main entrance. There are loads of freaks hanging around outside and I was feeling a bit paranoid. Anyway a bus pulled up and the driver has got off the bus to grab a croissant. I looked up and thought to myself, ‘this is my bus’! So I jumped in and drove it from Pacha to San Antonio with a bus full of people who were on their way to work! So after a few bumps and scratches and going over a few mini roundabouts I managed to get there, where to a big sigh of relief to all the passengers, I jumped off. I then bumped into ‘not well Danielle’ who told me Blocko was looking for me and told me where I could find him.
So I turned up at Blocko's apartment, slagged him and his mates off, got a load of fruit and veg that they had stocked up on to keep them healthy at the start of their trip from the fridge and started throwing it all round the room, had a punch up with a couple of his mates and then the Guardia Civil turned up, arrested me and took me off. They knocked seven shades of shit out of me and then threw me out without charge!  They thought I was Diablo, the devil! It could have been a lot worse though. Anyway, then I went back to find Blocko and turned up at Cafe Del Mar looking all dishevelled and beat up. So I said to Blocko that I needed him to help me out at Space and he was up for it. I took him down to Space the next day. Once Blocko jumped on board it went through the roof and the madness started. It was proper multicultural and everyone partied hard.

Brandon: I originally went to Ibiza in 1990 with Charlie Chester and got absolutely ridiculous out there with a few other pals. I then met Alex later back in the UK at a gig and we kept in touch and became firm friends. He told me what he was up to in Ibiza and to make sure that I came over. So me and my mate Baggy, who was my long time friend in my club FUBAR which I used to run with Lisa Loud at Milk Bar in Leeds, had been to Ibiza before and said we should go and get involved over there. So off we went. We arrived in the May and we stayed in this apartment block in San Antonio.
Next door to us was this geezer called Matt and he said that Alex was looking for me and that he had heard I was on the island. Alex was awol after nicking a bus full of normal bods and driving them from Pacha to San Antonio. Next thing he turns up at my door swearing, shouting and screaming. He’d been out all night and he started calling us all the names under the sun. Then he disappeared as he got arrested by the Guardia Civil. Anyway, the next night he comes back battered and bruised to where we were down at Cafe Del Mar having a drink and he says to me to come to Space the next day and bring my records. He said I would love it there. So the next morning I went to Space with my 5 boxes of records and walked in and went oh my God look at this place! When I arrived Alex ushered me over behind the bar and introduced me to Pepe Roselló straight away and we played for the rest of the day, about 8 hours. It was incredible and Alex said to me I was in and that we would do it every week. That same week Space set me up out there and I became part of the woodwork straight away. James Mitchel and Alex were the guys who came up with the idea of putting music out on the Terrace. They didn’t know at that time what it would turn into but what a great vision it turned out to be. I had the good fortune to be able to play every week there for the next 6 years. I then needed to be carried home from Ibiza at the end of the 96 season!
Alex: We got got a wheelchair for him one year!
Brandon: Lots of promoters saw what me and Alex were doing and obviously wanted a piece of it. The club had started opening every day and all the big DJs of the time would come down and join us there. It was a unique experience back then with the open air Terrace. I think it lost a certain magic when they put the roof on the Terrace but it still remained unique, it was the only after hours club in the world for a long time. Pepe realised a loophole that you only needed to shut the club for an hour before you could reopen. There were a lot of factors which made it absolutely fantastic.
3
You guys are playing Space Closing. It must feel good to be playing there and to be acknowledged for your huge contribution to what Space became?
Brandon: It is an honour to be playing the last ever closing party. I was thinking that they just can’t shut this club forever without us because no matter what anyone else has done over the years, we did the first bit and that’s it, that’s the history.
Alex: It came a bit out of the blue. We were pretty upset that we had been left out of the previous stuff and there didn’t appear to be any recognition of our contribution.They had a big celebration for their 25th birthday a couple of years ago and we were left out of that which we didn’t really understand at the time but we never left Space on bad terms. But the response we have had to us playing the closing has been amazing. People that haven’t been to Space since we started it on the Terrace are going to be there.
I’ve got to take this opportunity to say thanks to Pepe at Space. I was just a young kid back then and he gave me the opportunity to grow. He gave me the opportunity to help build one of the biggest clubs in the world in those early days. I have so much respect for him and love him. He is an amazing and charming man and the island would not be what it is without him. Unfortunately Space is going to go now and it’s heartbreaking not just from a selfish point of view but also for the younger generation who won’t now see what it was all about. Everyone went to Space back in the day and took something away from it. The influence of that club has been massive.
What can we expect from you guys at Space Closing?
Brandon: Well I don’t know how long we are going to be allowed to play, there are a lot of DJs playing! So I think our set will most likely be short, sharp and to the point. We will be picking out some choice big Terrace tunes. We want to play stuff that we are remembered for but perhaps we will go slightly leftfield too but generally I’m thinking of pulling out big records that will resonate with everyone.
Alex: Just about everyone who over the years has partied with me from around the world has been in touch and said they're gonna be there. It's gonna go off! They know what to expect from Peezee and Blocko and for all the newcomers, hold on to your hats it's gonna be a fast ride!

The last couple of years has seen a big resurgence in Clockwork Orange which you guys have been a big part of over the years. How have the recent parties been and how do they compare to the old days?
Brandon: I have to give it to the boys. The parties are so well attended in Ibiza and London. Back in the day, it was myself and Clara Da Costa that sat down when she was in taking over the promotions at Es Paradis in '94 and I said you have to get Clockwork out here, they're smashing it in London. Clara had heard the good things coming from London and she got them out there. They had 5,000 people attending every week, it was the place to go. Since Danny and Andy brought it back the last 3 years in Ibiza it has just been getting better and better. People have been embracing these moments of sheer fun. Don’t forget that Clockwork was a very big movement back in the day. Today you have the parents who went to Clockwork back in the day bringing their kids to the parties. It’s lovely to say that after 25 years you can still play the classic music in Ibiza at Clockwork and just have it right off!
Alex: It’s a beautiful thing. They went about it in the right way. We have had a resurgence of interest in us as DJs and retro nights have been doing well for a few years now. Danny got a whiff of it and wanted to give it another go and he works so hard directing everything and it’s been a great success again. I love those boys. As Brandon says, it was us that introduced them to Clara Da Costa at Es Paradis for their first Ibiza gig. Danny and Andy reminded me of myself and Blocko. They had the hunger for it and were funny characters. It is a joy to continue to work with them.
Can you give us a memory from Space and those heady times that will live with you forever?
Brandon: I’ve got some real good ones! Haha! But here’s a clean one. One Sunday, I was pretty well oiled for want of a better term and I was feeling the love of Space so I was throwing all my records out to the crowd for them to keep. As I was playing them I was just throwing them out to the crowd. It got to the end and people were shouting ‘one more, one more’ and I didn’t have any records left as I’d given them all away so I had to ask for some of them back!
Alex: It was just non stop 24/7. For me and Brandon it was our destiny. I don’t think many other people could have coped with it and there are so many memories or blurred memories. I remember one time we drove Sasha back from Space and we were all over the shop and by the time we got to where we were going he was in the back with white knuckles and tears in his eyes saying he would never get in a car with us again. And to this day he never has.
Alex P and Brandon Block say goodbye to Space Ibiza at the sold out closing fiesta on Sunday October 2nd.

