Big Brother’s Ryan Ruckledge and Hughie Maughan reveal they’re engaged and ‘can’t  wait for the future’ together
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/1877709/big-brothers-ryan-ruckledge-and-hughie-maughan-announce-their-engagement/
29th September 2016, 12:10 pm
BIG Brother stars Hughie Maughan and Ryan Ruckledge have announced their engagement saying they "can't wait" for their future together.
The duo, who hooked up on the Channel 5 reality show this summer, revealed their happy news on Twitter.
WENN4 Ryan and Hughie have announced their engagement
Ryan tweeted: "So the cats out the bag me and @hughie_maughan are officially engaged! So happy and can't wait for the future #biggaygypsywedding ??."
Hughie also shared the news writing: "FINALLY me and ryan can announce that we are officially ENGAGED! We are so happy and everythin feels right, huge hi five 2 the doubters."


Hundreds of their fans rushed to congratulate the pair who have been together since June.
One wrote on Twitter: "I'm so happy for the both of you babe this is incredible."
Another added: "Aww congratulations!!!! I'm so happy for yous two!!!"
Someone else added: "Congratulations to you both I'm so happy for you both!! Yous are so meant to be!! X."
@ryruckledge Congratulations to you both I'm so happy for you both!! Yous are so meant to be!! X— Sarah Doyle (@sarahldoyle) September 29, 2016




They sparked engagement rumours last week when Ryan wrote a mysterious tweet saying "I do" with a string of emojis including  diamond ring, church, couple holding hands, and a bride.
The happy couple were snapped looking smitten on a recent trip to Dublin where they met Hughie's family at a halting site in Dublin.
Hughie's parents Kathleen and Hughie Snr met Ryan and gave the pair their blessing.
Hughie, 22, recently told The Irish Sun that it took his parents a little while to get used to his sexuality as they only found out he was gay a few weeks before he went into the Big Brother house.
However, Hughie Snr did admit he found it hard to accept that his son is gay but that watching him on BB helped him come to terms with it.
Fame Flynet4 Ryan and Hughie have been loved up since leaving the BB house
Speaking about bringing Ryan home to meet the parents, Hughie said: "I suppose it’s awkward when a guy brings his girlfriend home, even more so when it’s a guy.
"But we just got on with things and we were in the same bed.”
WENN4 Big Brother's Ryan Ruckledge and Hughie Maughan packed on the PDA as they arrived in Dublin Airport earlier this month
When asked what other travellers might think of him arriving back in Dublin with a boyfriend, Hughie added: “I don’t really care what anyone thinks. I don’t have to ask anyone’s permissions to do anything.
“If people don’t understand things, and it takes them a while to adjust, that is not going to affect the way I live my life.”
Channel 54 The pair got together on Big Brother
He added that he hopes he has changed attitudes within the travelling community towards gay people.
He said: "All the responses I have gotten from the travelling community so far has been incredibly positive.
“I’ve been told I have helped so many LGBT travellers, that lots of traveller boys have been able to come out to their parents because the whole family has been watching Big Brother.”


Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220

 

