Anxiety can hold back young people from finding their dream career – but this five-point plan could help you beat work fears
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1828131/anxiety-can-hold-back-young-people-from-finding-their-dream-career-but-this-five-point-plan-could-help-you-beat-work-fears/
22nd September 2016, 12:50 am
THE biggest thing holding back young people from getting a job is not their qualifications or work experience record – it’s a lack of self-belief.
That’s the view of Richard Chadwick, director of programmes and development at Prince Charles’s youth charity The Prince’s Trust.
Getty Images8 A third of young people suffer confidence and anxiety problems
Recent studies show up to a third of youngsters suffer confidence and anxiety problems and it has a huge negative effect on their job hunt.
Currently Britain has almost 850,000 under-25s not in education, employment or training — or NEET — and while 43 per cent of youngsters say they never or rarely feel confident, this rises to a worrying three in five jobless young people.
To help tackle this crisis of confidence, the Prince’s Trust has come up with a five-point plan to help young people beat their fears and get into employment.
Getty Images8 This list can help you ace an interview and land yourself a job
1) Low self-confidence: It’s very important to build up your self-esteem so you can tackle other things such as exam results, training or job applications with positivity and confidence.
Taking on new challenges such as volunteering, or courses to build up your skill set, will really help.
2) Gaps in skills or experience: When you start looking for jobs, you may find roles require skills or experience you do not yet have.
This can be frustrating, but don’t let it put you off. You can build up your CV in different ways, such as relevant work experience, community work or volunteering.
3) The application process: Two thirds of young unemployed Brits say they have never had guidance to fill out a job application.
But there are loads of resources online that can help you get this right, from CV templates to advice on how to write a killer covering letter, so look up anything you are not sure about before you send out an application.
4) Interviews: It can be easy to veer off topic and miss opportunities to show off your skills when you are under pressure in an interview.
One way to stay focused is to read the job description before the interview and go in armed with examples of how you fit the key criteria that the interviewers are looking for.
5) Dealing with rejection: You won’t get a job offer from every application you make, so it’s important not to take rejections to heart.
The key is to be persistent and give each application your best effort — if you don’t get the job, ask to be kept informed of other opportunities and seek feedback that could help your next application.
For more information or help, see princes-trust.org.uk for details of courses running in your area. '
 
'I'M EMPLOYED FULL-TIME'AMY RAWBONE feared she would never get a job after crippling anxiety left her afraid to leave the house.The 20-year-old, from Oldland Common in Bristol, became depressed, self-harmed and even had  suicidal thoughts.
However, after completing two courses with the Prince’s Trust, she is now in full-time employment with Marks & Spencer.
Amy, right, says: “I thought about killing myself.  I saw no way out.
“With support from my family, I began attending counselling and was referred to the Prince’s Trust Fairbridge Programme, which helps build young people’s confidence. At first, I found the course really tough. I was shaking on arrival and begged my mum not to leave.
“However,  after having  one-to-one sessions, I was able to join group activities.
“Within weeks I could manage my anxiety and started socialising again.
“Best of all, I shared my story with a 30-strong audience, which was a real turning point.
“I applied to Make Your Mark, a four-week employability programme run in partnership between the Prince’s Trust and Marks & Spencer, and I was offered a full-time job.
“Now I look forward to every day.”

 
Find crest of British
IS your child a budding intellect? Get them a headstart into a science career with a CREST award.
The scheme provides students aged 11 to 19 with hands-on science activities to inspire learning.
It is the only nationally recognised accreditation for project work in the STEM subjects – science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
Getty Images8 Kick-start your kids' science career with a CREST award
More than 32,000 youngsters gain CREST awards each year and employers acknowledge it as a CV super-booster.
Around half of attendees are girls.
8 Crest Award winner Elizabeth Hampson
Ex-student Elizabeth Hampson says: “I was 17 when I studied for my CREST award and I attended the National Science and Engineering Competition as a finalist.
“It landed me a place at uni and a placement at AstraZeneca.”
For more details, see britishscienceassociation.org/crest-awards.
 
120 jobs at Card FactoryTHE Card Factory is gearing up for Christmas with 120 store vacancies, permanent and temporary, including store managers, assistant managers and sales assistants. Perks include staff discounts and bonuses for managers.
A spokesman said: “As the country’s largest independent gifts and greeting card retailer, with over 800 stores, Card Factory is thriving. That’s why we can offer job security and great career progression.”
Get more information at cardfactoryjobs.co.uk.

Don't be silly old Twitter
HAVING a CV that simply shows off your skills is no longer enough for a third of employers, who now insist candidates list all their social media profiles.
According to a study by DBS check provider uCheck, 44 per cent of firms would refuse to hire a candidate who had made racist or sexist comments on their social accounts.
Getty8 44 per cent of companies wouldn't hire a candidate who had made racist or sexist comments on social media, study says
And 15 per cent would rule out one who had badmouthed previous employers or colleagues. A further one in ten dismissed candidates for posting racy pictures or using bad grammar on social media.
Meanwhile, seven per cent of employers said they would rule out a candidate for swearing online.
George Griffiths, of uCheck, said: “Nowadays, so much about us is available to be viewed, which we often forget – as we assume it’s just our friends and family who will be following our every move on social media.
“But as we have discovered, there’s a lot that can put off potential employers.”
Business managers neededHELP companies cut their energy use at Northern Gas &amp; Power. 
The consultancy firm is hiring business managers in Newcastle and Gateshead.
Find out more and apply at  ngpltd.co.uk/careers.

Website is new CV
STUDENTS hungry for work are setting up websites to get noticed by employers.
One in four undergrads are registering their own domain name while still studying and the average student spends 200 hours a year preparing to enter the world of work.
Getty Images8 Male student working on laptop in college classroom
A Nominet poll found 36 per cent of students start working towards employment from their very first week on campus, 27 per cent go to networking events and ten per cent set up a small business.
Almost two thirds of HR bosses said they would be impressed if a candidate had a website instead of CV.
Nominet’s Russell Haworth said: “It’s not enough to tell a future employer why you should get the job. You’ve got to show them.”
RELATED STORIESTATT'S UNFAIR How tattoo-flaunting stars like David Beckham have inspired young Brits to get inked and cost them their jobs Revealedthe most app-ealing Men fancy lawyers and women go for teachers: The jobs that make people most attractive quitty slickers People reveal the epic ways ways they’ve quit their jobs ... and well and truly burnt their bridges in the process M&S JOB LOSSES Marks and Spencer 'to cut around 500 jobs' next week just hours after revealing 14 per cent pay rises NICHE LITTLE EARNERS From professional bridesmaids to golf-ball divers, here's the 13 most bizarre jobs in the world 
 
Bed'n'Boadroom
BEING your own boss may begin in bed, according to a new study which shows Brits are most likely to dream up a business idea between the sheets.
A poll by Barclays Business found that 32 per cent of entrepreneurs hit upon their idea while tucked up, followed by one in five inspired by a walk in the park or countryside.
Getty Images8 Brits are most likely to dream up a business idea while in bed
A further 14 per cent found inspiration in the shower or bath.
The poll also found that while 10.9 million Brits have had a business idea and not pursued it, more than half then saw someone else go on to make money with the same idea.
Richard Heggie, of Barclays, says: “Every great entrepreneur starts with their Eureka moment and our poll shows the UK is a nation of inspired thinkers.”
 

 Sicklist worries
BOSSES are braced for the start of the flu season and sickness spreading through the workplace.
But research shows nine in ten workers have come into work feeling ill, as they are worried about taking time off.
Getty Images8 Nine in ten workers go to work sick rather than take the time off
The report from Canada Life Group Insurance shows the biggest worry is workloads, with 28 per cent saying they have too much to do to go sick.
A further 16 per cent fear they will be branded lazy if they miss work, while 21 per cent can’t afford to lose any pay.
And nearly 75 per cent say they’ve got ill after catching a bug from a co-worker.
Spokesman Paul Avis said: “It is crucial for employers to demonstrate they have a clear sickness absence policy that will not unfairly penalise anyone who takes time off for being ill.”
 

