Doctor planning world’s first head transplant claims he will reanimate human CORPSES during ‘Frankenstein’ surgery
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/1817621/doctor-planning-worlds-first-head-transplant-claims-he-will-reanimate-human-corpses-during-frankenstein-surgery/
20th September 2016, 1:52 pm
THE doctor who is due to carry out the world's first head transplant has revealed he will carry out "Frankenstein" experiments with human corpses.
Dr Sergio Canavero plans to cut off the heads of recently deceased people and try to connect them to spinal chords of different bodies.
He and his team will then use pulses of electricity to see if the connection has been a success -- a process similar to that which saw the creation of the freakish monster from Mary Shelley's novel.
ITV5 Dr Sergio Canavero has told of his plans to 'reanimate' dead corpses with electricity
The controversial director of the Turin Advanced Neuromodulation Group told MailOnline: "A fresh cadaver might act as a proxy for a live subject as long as a window of opportunity is respected (a few hours)."
"It also implies that the process of deathly disintegration is not an immediate process.
"We name this effect the "Frankenstein effect".
Dr Canavero has also released a video claiming to show a paralysed puppy that has been "healed" by the transplant technique.
It had its severed spinal chord treated by South Korean scientists collaborating with Canavero, which allowed it to walk again.

Earlier today Canavero appeared on Good Morning Britain to explain how he will carry out the first living head transplant on volunteer Valery Spiridonov.
The skull of wheelchair-bound and terminally ill Valery will be attached to a completely different body when he undergoes the dramatic procedure.
ITV5 Valery Spiridonov will undergo the world's first head transplant

This will involve freezing his body, cutting the neck and spinal chord and moving the head onto the donor body, before it is reattached using a special type of glue.
Talking about the decision to have the surgery, Valery, who suffers from a genetic muscle wasting disease, said: "My motivation is about improving my own life condition.
"It's to get to the stage where I will be able to take care of myself and independent from other people."
He added: "Today my life is tough. I need people to help me every day, twice a day."

After his revelation fans took to Twitter to share their shock and surprise.
A transfixed viewer wrote: "So there's going to be a first head transplant... Have I woke up in the twilight zone???"
Another wrote: "Oh. My. Days.... WORLDS FIRST HEAD TRANSPLANT.." while another added: "For real? A head transplant?"
For real? A head transplant? 😳😳😳 #GMB— Tasha xx (@tashalou89) September 20, 2016


@GMB @piersmorgan Messing with nature! Going to freaking far now.— ❤Gayna👻 (@haunted_museum) September 20, 2016


Clearly perplexed, one shared their confusion about the pioneering process.
They took to the social media site to write: "That bloke this morning on GMB who wants the first head transplant  Just can't get my head around it."
Another speculated: "Bloody head transplant, feel like I'm in the future!
That bloke this morning on GMB who wants the first head transplant 😳Just can't get my head around it 🤔— Warren Bisp (@bispy_88) September 20, 2016


Bloody head transplant, feel like I'm in the future!!— Rose🌹 (@rosemfallon) September 20, 2016


One heaped scepticism on the "Frankenstein" treatment and wrote: "Messing with nature! Going to freaking far now."
One shared their view and added: "The first ever head transplant. now that's Frankenstein's monster come true."
RELATED STORIESTHE STAGE IS SET Spice Girls send fans wild with first look at 90s-style reunion tour stage BLACK MOURNING Alabama 3 singer Jake Black who wrote The Sopranos theme song dies SCREEN TIME As Game of Thrones ends, here's how long it takes to watch TV classic series DRESSED TO KILL Killing Eve's Jodie Comer spotted in killer outfit on set of her new movie DO YA THINK I'M SEX-SEA Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster grab some rock & stroll in Southend MEG'S BATTLE Megan Barton-Hanson had surgery to avoid 'pain' of looking in the mirror too close Corrie's Ruxandra Porojnicu reveals human trafficking story 'could have been her' LOYAL FANS Caroline Flack reveals Love Island spin-off show Aftersun will return BAN DETECTOR Ofcom could ban lie detectors from ALL reality TV after Jeremy Kyle tragedy BRIDE TRIBE Cara De La Hoyde continues Magaluf hen do celebrations in white mini dress 
Italian Dr Canavero told the show he was confident of its success.
Previously, he has revealed the ground-breaking operation will take place in December 2017.
He explained Valery's head will be cooled to minus 15 degrees Celsius before being severed.
ITV5 He detailed his hopes for the surgery, which will be performed next year, on breakfast show GMB
Yet Dr Canavero has been blasted by fellow experts saying his surgery is not plausible because of issues connecting the spinal chords, while also raising ethical dilemmas.
Strong critic Alberto Delitala, president of the Italian Society of Neurosurgery, said: "If Canavero really had found a revolutionary technique to reconnect the spinal cord, then why not apply it to people with spinal cord injury before attempting a head transplant?
"I think that Canavero's proposal is an escapist flight of fancy which unfortunately today is not possible."
ITV5 Valery wants to live a more independent life
He added: "Our association's stance is very clear: the central theme in the scientific method is that any new technique must be based on experimental tests submitted to an international scientific community before being applied to human beings.
"But Canavero has never been able to prove that he has succeeded in a head transplant on an animal."
ITV5 GMB's Dr Hilary expressed concern the body would reject the donor head
After his time on the treatment table Valery will spend four weeks in an induced coma as his body heals.
GMB's own Dr Hilary raised his eyebrows as to the prospects of its success.
He said the worse case scenario would be Valery's body would reject the head of the donor.











Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368










