Inside the tiny parish school and humble family home of Olympic legend Usain Bolt
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/1616553/inside-the-tiny-parish-school-and-humble-family-home-of-olympics-legend-usain-bolt/
15th August 2016, 9:08 pm
HE'S the fastest man in the history of the world - and, unbelievably, he thinks he can run even faster.
Usain Bolt smashed his own 100m world record on Sunday with a breathtaking, heartstopping 9.58secs.
Getty Images10 Usain Bolt does his 'Lightening Bolt' pose as he celebrates winning the Men's 100m Final at the Rio 2016 Olympics
And despite experts saying man's limit in the near future is 9.51secs, the 29-year-old speed merchant said coolly: "I think I will stop at 9.4 — but you never know."
His amazing effort is the third time he has broken the 100m world record in little over a year — and he holds the 200m record too.

Usain's long dash for the tape all started on a dusty street where goats wander loose between ramshackle wooden buildings in the rural backwater of Sherwood Content in Jamaica.
It nestles in the Trelawny hills to the north of the island.
Splash News10 The pastel-painted single storey home Bolt once shared with his family in the remote Trelawny parish in Jamaica
Splash News10 Here's the tiny Jamaican primary school attended by the Olympic hero as a child
Splash News10 The sporting legend was taught at the yellow painted Waldensia Primary School, in the sleepy Trelawny parish
Usain St Leo Bolt was born on August 21, 1986, and grew up with brother Sadeeki and sister Sherine in the village where parents Wellesley and Jennifer ran the grocery store.
Even in those days it was all about track and field — the potholed track to Waldensia Primary and All-Age School where Usain was a pupil, and the fields that are still the lifeblood of the farming community.
The staple crop of yams gave the star his lightning speed, according to his dad.
Asked by the world's media the secret behind his son's record-shattering 100m and 200m triumphs in the Beijing Olympics this time last year, Wellesley Bolt said: "It is definitely the Trelawny yam."
But when his boy was a manic nine-year-old, Wellesley had a different explanation, according to Usain's aunt Lillian.
Splash News10 Bolt grew up with brother Sadeeki and sister Sherine in the village where parents Wellesley and Jennifer ran the grocery store
Splash News10 The fields are still the life-blood of the farming community
Splash News10 The staple crop of yams gave the star his lightning speed, according to his dad
She told Jamaica's The Gleaner newspaper: "He used to have too much energy.
"His daddy said something must be wrong with him.
"He said he must have quicksilver in his head or something.
"But the doctor told him there was nothing wrong with the boy.
"After he started running, he settled down."
By the age of 12 he was the fastest runner at his school — but the sports-mad youngster was more into football and cricket.
His boyhood heroes were Manchester United and cricket legends Waqar Younis of Pakistan, India's Sachin Tendulkar, Aussie Matthew Hayden and fellow Jamaican and West Indies captain Chris Gayle.
Usain was a very promising fast bowler himself.
When he moved up to William Knibb Memorial High School, his cricket coach noticed his amazing speed and urged him to try track and field events.
He won his first annual high school championship medal in 2001, taking silver in the 200m, at the age of 14.
Related StoriesThe Flash Usain Bolt's cheeky grin midway through easy 100 metres win sparks brilliant memes passengers bolt for exit Terror panic at New York's JFK airport 'after cheers and bangs during Olympic 100m final are mistaken for gunfire' IN-SAIN Usain Bolt wins 100 metre final to become first sprinter to win the Olympic title three times Zlat's Olympic praise Usain Bolt hails Zlatan Ibrahimovic as 'the greatest' as he makes prolific Manchester United start Samba Style Brazil 2 Colombia 0: Feisty Neymar in centre of mass brawl as goal helps seal heated clash 
And by 15 he had already reached his full height of 6ft 5in and was towering over his schoolboy rivals.
As his performances on the track brought him to the attention of Jamaican bigwigs, he was moved to Kingston to train with other top athletes at the University of Technology.
At the 2002 World Junior Championships he was still 15 and became the youngest-ever gold medallist in the competition when he won the 200m.
Getty Images10 Usain was told he could run the 100m if he broke the Jamaican record for the 200m, which had stood for 36 years
Getty Images10 Usain Bolt smashed his own 100m world record on Sunday night with a breathtaking, heartstopping 9.58secs
More medals followed but the boy from Sherwood Content struggled to take his career seriously, enjoying fast food, basketball and Kingston's club scene instead.
Injuries
His early professional career was hampered by a string of injuries which limited his success.
And he turned down several offers of scholarships to American colleges, preferring to train in Kingston.
It certainly didn't slow him down.
By 2005 he was in the world top five and in 2006 he won his first major medal, with a bronze in the 200m at the IAAF World Athletics Final in Stuttgart, Germany.
Barcroft Media10 His amazing effort is the third time he has broken the 100m world record in little over a year — and he holds the 200m record too
His coaches wanted him to train for the 400m but he wanted to do the 100m, so they compromised.
Usain was told he could run the 100m if he broke the Jamaican record for the 200m, which had stood for 36 years.
He did.
In 19.75 seconds.
In his first big 100m, in Crete, he won a gold medal with a then personal best time of 10.03.
That was good — but he was barely out of the starting blocks.
He was really beginning to stretch those long legs in the Beijing Olympics last year.
And now he is really motoring.
His mum and dad were in Berlin to watch him obliterate the 100m world record so easily on Sunday night.
And back in Sherwood Content, the residents huddled round the television at the village store to watch their very own Lightning Bolt strike again.


