Strictly Come Dancing professionals SLAMMED after performing a dance routine in FAT SUITS
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/1548614/strictly-come-dancing-professionals-slammed-after-performing-a-dance-routine-in-fat-suits/
3rd August 2016, 7:00 pm
TWO new Strictly Come Dancing professionals have sparked outrage by performing a “discriminatory” fat suit dance routine.
Katya and Neil Jones, who were unveiled last month as two of six new professionals joining the hit BBC show, poked fun at overweight dancers with a “fat ChaCha” during their Dutch Open Showdance.
6 The couple have only just been confirmed as professionals on Strictly
But hundreds of dance fans have hit out at the couple on social media for their “disgusting fat shaming routine” – and have vowed not to support the Strictly duo in the future.
Teacher Stephanie Marie Fox fumed: “Your “fat suit” routine is a disgrace to the dance community.
“Dance should be positive and inclusive and your shameful routine is in extremely poor taste.
“I cannot support dancers who discriminate against or ostracise others.”
6 This is what Katya and Neil really look like
Another, Clare Wilkinson, blasted: “I am utterly horrified. How unprofessional and how disgusting of competitive dance to celebrate the ridicule of any group in society.
“I thought that the comedy fat suit routines were going the same was as “blacking up”.”
6 The offensive routine still managed to win them second place at the event
And Fatima Parker added: “Fat ChaCha by Neil and Ekaterina Jones is fat shaming and stigmatising, wearing fat suits to ridicule fat bodies is harmful.”

LATEST FROM BIZARRETHE STAGE IS SET Spice Girls send fans wild with first look at 90s-style reunion tour stage BLACK MOURNING Alabama 3 singer Jake Black who wrote The Sopranos theme song dies SCREEN TIME As Game of Thrones ends, here's how long it takes to watch TV classic series DRESSED TO KILL Killing Eve's Jodie Comer spotted in killer outfit on set of her new movie DO YA THINK I'M SEX-SEA Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster grab some rock & stroll in Southend MEG'S BATTLE Megan Barton-Hanson had surgery to avoid 'pain' of looking in the mirror too close Corrie's Ruxandra Porojnicu reveals human trafficking story 'could have been her' LOYAL FANS Caroline Flack reveals Love Island spin-off show Aftersun will return BAN DETECTOR Ofcom could ban lie detectors from ALL reality TV after Jeremy Kyle tragedy BRIDE TRIBE Cara De La Hoyde continues Magaluf hen do celebrations in white mini dress 
During Katya and Neil’s routine, the married couple were seen pretending to wheeze and mocking unfit dancers as they competed against a host of other dancers who were dressed in regular glitzy
outfits.
6 The couple came second in their performance
And the pair, whose dance has been shared and viewed by over 1million people on YouTube, were even placed second in the competition – despite their controversial and “offensive” theme.
A host of fans have even admitted that the routine would “discourage” overweight people from being active.
6 Their routine was branded childish and offensive
Deidre Miller slammed: “Schoolyard “humour.” Very childish and offensive. This kind of thing discourages heavy people from being physically active - they assume they’ll just be laughed at.”
The pair are currently mid-way through professional dancers' rehearsals for this year’s Strictly, which is due back on screens next month.
6 The couple are set to star on Strictly's next season
A spokesperson for Neil and Katya said: “Neil and Katya’s show-dance was never intended to offend – it was a performance for which they won second place in the Professional Latin World Show-dance Championship.”

Got a story? Email bizarre@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 0207 782 4037



