Idris Elba blasts ‘stupid’ knife crime thugs killing for pathetic ‘beefs’ in impassioned Instagram video
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8594111/idris-elba-blasts-stupid-knife-thugs-killing-for-pathetic-beefs-in-impassioned-instagram-video/
8th March 2019, 4:55 pm
IDRIS Elba told "stupid" knife crime thugs to "stab themselves" in a passionate video shared on Instagram.
The Luther actor, 46, also called on other entertainers to share his brutal message as the horrific bloodbath on London streets reaches epidemic levels.
Instagram/@idriselba1 Idris Elba called the current knife crime frenzy 'dumb' and said 'if you've got a knife or you know someone that's got a knife tell them to stab themselves right now'
Fifteen people have been butchered in Britain in the last eighteen days alone, with another teenager being stabbed to death in broad daylight just yesterday in Kensington, West London.
Now Elba has blasted the rising tide of bloodshed which is keeping pace with 2018 — the bloodiest year in London for a decade.
In a close-up black and white selfie video, Elba said: "Knife crime is not new.
"I grew up in the 80s and there was knife crime back then between blacks and whites and now it's definitely between young black men in small tiny communities.
"And it's affecting everyone.
"We all look stupid. You look even more stupid if you've got a knife or you know someone that's got a knife tell them to stab themselves. Right now. Trust me.
You become a murderer, you go to prison, you ain't got s**t. For what? Idris Elba
"Because you're just gonna stab your future if you go and stab someone else.
"You become a murderer, you go to prison, you ain't got s**t. For what? For some beef that lives within your community.
"You need to see past that.
"We have to say something about this. Entertainers that are out there, there's young people that look up to us, we need to vocalise this. Send a message out there: Put the knives down. It's dumb.
"We don't need to be killing ourselves, we have so much more to offer. And you're gonna kill your future, you're gonna kill someone else's future and it's dumb.
"Entertainers do me a favour, put out similar videos let's try and put out something and say that we care for our communities.
"Let's stop the knife crime please."
Moment furious mum Fiona Raychell confronts Sajid Javid over knife crime crisis and demands: 'What are YOU doing about it?'
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Elba's intervention comes the day after London Mayor Sadiq Khan was criticised for rolling eyes during an interview about his failure to tackle knife crime.
He claimed he has done "as much as I am allowed to do under the law" by hiking council taxes across the capital and setting up a new £45m fund for London's youth.
However, the main reason for the spiralling violence was cuts from central government, he claimed.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

