Is Theresa May the right person to be our next Prime Minister? Damn right she is
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/1382043/is-theresa-may-the-right-person-to-be-our-next-prime-minister-damn-right-she-is/
3rd July 2016, 3:09 am
IS Theresa May the right person to be our next Prime Minister? Damn right she is.
She was born into a family that has service to the community in its DNA; a vicar as a father and a Sergeant Major grandfather and I can confirm, after working with her for the last two years, she has risen through the ranks and now deserves to be our Commanding Officer.
4 Full backing ... I have total confidence that she is the right person for the job
As someone who campaigned for the British people to have their democratic vote on whether to stay in the EU, I am chuffed that over 17 million voters said “Brexit”.
It might seem strange that I am backing Theresa, who wanted to Remain, but I have total confidence that she is the right person for the job.
As she said in her launch speech, quite simply “Brexit means Brexit.” She will make that happen.
As Policing Minister, I have worked alongside Theresa at the Home Office and I have seen first-hand that she has the strength and negotiating skills that we will need in the coming months.
EPA FILE4 New PM? ... I have seen first-hand that she has the strength and negotiating skills that we will need in the coming months.
She is steadfast and tough. She has fought our corner in Europe. And now, especially now, we need someone at the helm, who European leaders respect and know they can’t push around.
She freely admits she’s not “part of the club”.
You won’t see her at all the trendy functions around Westminster. Frankly, she just calmly and steadily gets on with the job.
As a result, she has become the longest serving Home Secretary in living memory, given the Home Office much-needed stability and enabled it to consistently pursue the results demanded by the British people.
related storiesExclusiveNO SHORTCUTS Theresa May rules out fast track coronation to be Prime Minister despite early lead ExclusiveTory bloodbath Theresa May's winning high stakes gamble as 60% of Tories say she should be next PM Karren Brady Theresa May is the only person who can bring Germany's Angela Merkel to heel Tory bloodbath Michael Gove takes the fight to Theresa May as he admits his lack of charisma... but has radical PM vision may be a good sign Theresa May picks up high-profile Cabinet backers as she steals a march on Michael Gove in race to be PM ExclusivePOWER PLOT Michael Gove's No10 bid being plotted by abrasive 'tactical genius' Dominic Cummings cash injection Michael Gove pledges an extra £100million a week to NHS if he becomes Prime Minister 'persona non grata' Michael Gove and Boris Johnson banned from London café after Brexit vote 
There have been many successes, for example overcoming obstacle after obstacle to ensure the deportation of radical hate preacher Abu Qatada.
She stood up to the US in refusing to extradite Aspergers sufferer Gary McKinnon for hacking into US Government computers.
Associated Press4 Strength ... she stood up to the US in refusing to extradite Aspergers sufferer Gary McKinnon for hacking into US Government computers
Now, I recognise that my dream of leaving the EU isn’t shared by everyone. A lot of people are worried or concerned about the immediate future and I understand that.
It is important therefore, that our new Prime Minister is able to bring unity and restore confidence to the United Kingdom.
I went to the launch of her campaign this week and liked what I heard and the way she said it. I felt the excitement in the room and I know our country will be safe in her hands.
Theresa will bring the much-needed stability to British Government from the outset.
Getty Images4 Top option ... I have no hesitation in backing Theresa May as this country’s next Prime Minister
Only she can lead Britain out of the EU whilst ensuring we have a prosperous, mutually beneficial and amicable relationship with our European neighbours.
I have no hesitation in backing Theresa May as this country’s next Prime Minister.

