This looks like an innocent photo of a child standing on a toilet – but the reason behind it is very chilling
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1313434/this-looks-like-an-innocent-photo-of-a-child-standing-on-a-toilet-but-the-reason-behind-it-is-very-chilling/
20th June 2016, 6:11 pm

WHEN a mother discovered her toddler balancing on a toilet seat, her first instinct was to smile and snap a picture so that she could share it with her husband.

But Stacey Wehrman Feele's good humour quickly turned into a feeling of unease when the reason for the balancing act was revealed.
Facebook6 Mum Stacey is campaigning against gun crime in America
Stacey’s daughter, Chandler, was practicing how to hide in a toilet stall should a shooter enter her nursery.
The mum expressed her shock on social media, pleading with people to take note of this image and demanding her country use more gun sense.
She wrote on Facebook alongside the image: "I took this picture because initially I thought it was funny. I was going to send it to my husband to show what our mischievous little three-year-old was up to.
Facebook6 The image of the youngster preparing for a tragedy has been shared more than 3,000 times online
"However, the moment she told me what she was doing I broke down. She was practising for a lock-down drill at her preschool and what you should do if you are stuck in a bathroom.
"At that moment all innocence of what I thought my three-year-old possessed was gone.
"Politicians — take a look. This is your child, your children, your grandchildren, your great grand children and future generations to come.
"They will live their lives and grow up in this world based on your decisions. They are barely three and they will hide in bathroom stalls standing on top of toilet seats.
"I do not know what will be harder for them? Trying to remain quiet for an extended amount of time or trying to keep their balance without letting a foot slip below the stall door?”
Getty Images6 Teacher Kaitlin Roig-DeBellis saved 15 pupils by piling them into a tiny cubicle when their school was targeted by a lone gunman
Related Articlesi'm the shooter Orlando gunman made chilling call to news station and pledged allegiance to ISIS in the middle of massacre 'DEEPEST SORROW' Family of gunman who shot dead singer Christina Grimmie post apology note on their front door WHAT ELSE WAS HE PLANNING? Receipts show DIY explosives books bought by Jo Cox gunman Tommy Mair DIED A HERO Mother-of-11 who survived cancer twice dies in Orlando massacre shielding her son from gunman 
She goes on to dissect the gun laws in America, questioning why anyone not in the military would need access to the type of guns used to wreak carnage in mass shootings that occur on an all too regular basis in the USA.
Stacey added: “I am not pretending to have all the answers or even a shred of them, but unless you want your children standing on top of a toilet, we need to do something!”
The concerned mum also asked people to share and join the Facebook page Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America — an online community with over half-a-million members.
It’s difficult to look at the image of Chandler, knowing that she is rehearsing for a day of terror.
But the reality is, that day has come before.
Getty Images6 Kaitlin is now doing a speaking tour to help promote her book about the tragedy
In December 2012, year seven teacher Kaitlin Roig-Debellis hid her 15 students in a classroom toilet.
She saved their lives on the day that Adam Lanza — a 20-year-old lone gunman — entered Sandy Hook Elementary School in America, moving from classroom to classroom shooting at random.
Twenty students were killed that morning along with six teachers, as well as Lanza’s own mother and eventually himself.
Most of his victims were five and six years old.
In her book, Choosing Hope, Kaitlin describes the decision that saved the lives of everyone in her classroom.
She recalled: “Where can we hide? There’s only one place.
"The bathroom — a tiny first grade sized lavatory with only a toilet and a toilet paper dispenser inside. "There is so little space that the sink is on the outside.
"I have never even been inside the bathroom before. An adult wouldn’t fit comfortably.
6 Kaitlin is still struggling to accept the massacre at Sandy Hook but is now sharing her pain to help others overcome ordeals
"How in God’s name will I get sixteen of us in there? It is our only chance. The impossible will have to become possible.
“We all push into the bathroom and when there isn’t a millimetre of space left, I begin lifting students and piling them inside.
"I place one student, then two, then three on top of the toilet and hoist up my littlest girl and sit her on the toilet paper dispenser.
"We are all crushed together with not even enough room left to take a deep breath. I reach out to pull the door closed but the door isn’t there. Oh my God.
AP:Associated Press6 White roses with the faces of victims of the Sandy Hook shooting attached to a telephone pole near the school
"In my rush to save us, I didn’t even notice the door opens into the bathroom. We are blocking it with our bodies. If I panic, they’ll all panic, and we’ll all be dead.”
Eventually she managed to get the door closed, but not before reaching outside for a storage cabinet on wheels and pulling it close to the door to try to conceal the bathroom.
She told how the students were petrified and shaking, one so hard he flushed the toilet twice.
Fortunately, Kaitlin Roig-Debellis’s heroic decision saved the lives of herself and her students that day, but the damage that was done to those young lives is immeasurable.

