Grieving husband of murdered MP Jo Cox issues heartfelt plea as he speaks of his ‘desperate sadness’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/1295245/partner-of-jo-cox-posts-poignant-picture-of-murdered-mp-and-mum-of-two-who-lived-every-day-to-the-full/
16th June 2016, 6:19 pm
THE heartbroken husband of Jo Cox urged everyone to support his young family with love in a tribute written less than an hour after her death.
Charity director Brendan Cox, 37, said: "I and Jo’s friends and family are going to work every moment of our lives to love and nurture our kids and to fight against the hate that killed Jo."
6 The husband of Jo Cox posted this picture of his late wife as he paid an emotional tribute to the MP who was gunned down today
Huddersfield Examiner6 The 41-year-old won the constituency of Batley and Spen by more than 6,000 votes during the 2015 General Election. She is pictured here with husband Brendan, who today issued a heart-rending tribute to his late wife
NICHOLAS RAZZELL6 Jo Cox, pictured here on her wedding day, died 'doing her public duty' said Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn
Buckingham Palace said the Queen will write privately to Brendan.
A London neighbour of Jo Cox said her husband was "in bits" following the horrific killing.
The small boating community in Wapping is in mourning for the 41-year-old who was gunned down yesterday afternoon in West Yorkshire while meeting constituents.
Houseboats burnt their horns out sounding a two minute tribute to MP Jo Cox last night.
Candles were lit along the gangway down to the jetty and hundred of flowers and pictures were placed on the vessel the the mum-of-two shared with her husband.
Anne Wainwright chair of the Heritage Moorings said:
"I spoke to Jo's husband Brendan last night and we've exchanged some messages.
"He's obviously in bits, I can't imagine what he's going through. And her parents as well, it's so terrible, we're in such shock."
MPs from all parties gathered in Parliament Square last night for an impromptu vigil.
Lighting candles and laying down flowers, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn gave tribute to "an exemplary MP and servant to democracy".
Heartbroken husband of tragic MP Jo Cox pays tribute to his late wifeToday is the beginning of a new chapter in our lives. More difficult, more painful, less joyful, less full of love
"I and Jo's friends and family are going to work every moment of our lives to love and nurture our kids and to fight against the hate that killed Jo.
"Jo believed in a better world and she fought for it every day of her life with an energy, and a zest for life that would exhaust most people.
"She would have wanted two things above all else to happen now, one that our precious children are bathed in love and two, that we all unite to fight against the hatred that killed her.
"Hate doesn't have a creed, race or religion, it is poisonous.
"Jo would have no regrets about her life, she lived every day of it to the full."

Thanking the crowd for coming, he spoke of the "desperate sadness" over "the loss of such a lovely woman".
Jo Cox became Labour MP for Batley and Spen at last year’s General Election.
She graduated from Cambridge University in 1995 and worked as an adviser for former Labour prime minister Gordon Brown's wife Sarah, and Baroness Kinnock.
The mum-of-two was a vocal advocate for the victims of the Syrian civil war and abstained in last autumn's contentious vote on allowing British military action in Syria.
She was also responsible for setting up the All Party Parliamentary Group on Syria with Conservative MP Andrew Mitchell.
Mr Cox, a former adviser to ex-prime minister Gordon Brown himself , spent Wednesday campaigning for the UK to remain in the EU.
Commons chaplain Rose Hudson- Wilkin led prayers, and flags on the Palace of Westminster were lowered at half mast.
Speaking earlier, Mr Corbyn said: "The whole of the Labour Party and Labour family, and indeed the whole country, will be in shock at this horrific murder.
related stories'THERE WAS BLOOD EVERYWHERE' Chilling eyewitness accounts reveal full horror of Jo Cox’s murder LatestTHREATENED AND HARASSED Cops 'were stepping up security' for murdered mum-of-two MP Jo Cox after she received threatening messages for 'THREE months' 'We have lost a great star' Prime Minister leads tributes to MP Jo Cox and her 'tireless fighting spirit' after murder PMQs Jeremy Corbyn breaks EU referendum ceasefire to blast Brexit austerity Budget SIR YOB Bob Geldof abuses hard working fisherman as his Remain flotilla attracts fury from even his own side 
"Jo was dedicated to getting us to live up to our promises to support the developing world and strengthen human rights, and she brought those values and principles with her when she became an MP.
"She died doing her public duty at the heart of our democracy, listening to and representing the people she was elected to serve. Jo was universally liked at Westminster.
"In the coming days, there will be questions to answer about how and why she died.
6
"But for now all our thoughts are with Brendan and their two young children. They will grow up without their mum, but can be immensely proud of what she did, what she achieved and what she stood for."
Deputy leader Tom Watson added: "We have lost a colleague so young who had much more to contribute to public life. She was our future."
Former Labour PM Gordon Brown said: "Jo Cox was the most vivacious, personable, dynamic and committed friend you could ever have.
"Whenever you talked to her, the compassion in her eyes and the commitment in her soul shone through.
"Years of public service advancing the causes she cared passionately about should have been ahead of her.
"She went to some of the most dangerous places in the world. The last place she should have been in danger was in her home town.
"We must resolve that this will never again happen in Britain."
Nicholas Razell6 Jo's husband Brendan issued a heartbreaking tribute to his wife, with whom he has two children
Labour former deputy leader Harriet Harman said: "Jo was dynamic and fearless,  a beacon among the new generation of women MPs."
Addressing the annual Mansion House Dinner last night, Chancellor George Osborne said Jo’s passionate fight for Syrian refugees "changed attitudes and I know it contributed to a change in policy." He added: "She will never know how many lives she helped transform."
Facebook6 Jo Cox was a passionate campaigner for human rights before becoming an MP for the constituency of Batley and Spen - just miles from where she was born
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale said: "Jo devoted her life to helping people in the darkest places in our world. Our hearts are broken by the loss of one of our country’s brightest hopes."
Last night more than 500 people packed into St Peter’s Church in Birstall, West Yorks, to mourn her.
Bishop of Huddersfield Rev Jonathan Gibbs told them: "Jo grew up in this community, she loved this community and she served this community. And in the end, she gave her life for this community."
Wakefield MP Mary Creagh said: "Jo fizzed with life and crackled with energy. I want her to be remembered as a warm, witty and principled MP."
On Wednesday, Remain campaigner Jo tweeted a photo of her family on the Thames with a flag saying "IN".

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 

