Heartbroken mum takes in her best friend’s six kids after she dies from breast cancer
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1258633/heartbroken-mum-takes-in-her-best-friends-six-kids-after-she-dies-from-breast-cancer/
9th June 2016, 10:42 pm
A KIND-HEARTED mum-of-three has stepped in to adopt her best friend's grieving six children after she died from breast cancer.
Stephanie Culley, 39, and her husband Donnie, from Virginia decided to raise Beth Laitkep's kids after the single mum realised she wasn't going to survive the cancer as it spread to her brain and spine.
news.com.au5 Beth Laitkep before she passed away with her six kids - William, 15, Selena, 14, Jaxson, 11, Dallas, 10, Lily, 5, and two-year-old Ace
The couple are due to appear in court this month to obtain permanent custody with a view to adoption in the future.
Heartbroken friend Stephanie told CBS: "I wanted her to live so much. No mother ever deserved to live and raise their kids as much as her. I mean, they needed her.
"She was never worried about herself. She was never worried about anything but them. And she looked at me and she said, "Can you do this for me? Can you do this?"
news.com.au5 Stephanie didn’t hesitate when Beth asked her to take on her six babies
news.com.au5 Her best friend Stephanie has taken Beth’s children into her home
The two women had been friends as teenagers at Halifax County High School, Virginia, and had worked together at Wal-Mart. After that, they lost touch but later reconnected when Beth moved back to Virginia.
Related StoriesNoel ODDmonds He claims negative energy causes cancer... is crackpot telly host the new David Icke? Mr Gobby Noel Edmonds sparks fury by telling cancer patient his illness was probably caused by his 'negative attitude' BIG C BOOST Drug combo could DOUBLE cancer recovery rate as experts hail 'exciting' new findings Sober reading Big wine glasses 'make people drink more and faster' raising risk of cancer and diabetes VideoPHIL LASHES OUT AT NOEL This Morning host slams 'insensitive' Noel Edmonds' over Deal Or No Deal star's tweet on cancer 
Stephanie helped Beth out with the house, take her to doctor’s appointments and later, when the treatments were no longer working, sit by Beth’s bedside.
On May 19, Beth passed away, age 39, leaving behind her brood William, 15, Selena, 14, Jaxson, 11, Dallas, 10, Lily, 5, and two-year-old Ace at the care of Stephanie and her husband.
“She fought as long as she could, she was tired," Stephanie recalled.
Now, Stephanie's neighbourhood have set up a crowdfunding site to raise money to help raise Beth's children.
Their crowdfunding appeal"Beth Laitkep, a Virgilina-area resident and mother of six young children, was fighting the fight of her life and was going to beat cancer. That was her plan. But it just wasn’t in the stars.
On Thursday, May 19, the county native died of cancer, at age 39.
The community rallied behind Laitkep, an effort that grew by leaps and bounds. Charities were formed, meals prepared and money was raised to help care for Laitkep and her large family.
Laitkep was diagnosed over two years ago with triple negative breast cancer while pregnant with her youngest child, Ace. Little Ace will be two years old on June 5.
Her other children are Will, 15; Selena, 14; Jaxon, 11; Dallas, 10 and Lily, 5.
But what was in her stars was finding a dear friend, Stephanie Baylous Culley, whom she met while attending Halifax County High School. The two young women worked together at Wal-Mart and knew each other as teenagers, but had not seen each other in many years. A friendship picked up where it left off.
Culley saw a need to help her friend and her family during Laitkep’s struggles. She was there for her friend during many treatments and everything else that Laitkep went through during her battle.
By April, the cancer had spread to Laitkep’s brain, spine and nervous system.
She fought as long as she possibly could. She was tired,’ said Culley.
Laitkep’s main concern was keeping her kids together as a family. She and her children talked about it and the decision was made: All had chosen Culley to live with if and when their mother died.
Laitkep and her friend discussed the situation and Culley agreed she would need to talk to her husband, Donnie Culley.
The Culleys have three children of their own, but the Culley’s family answer was unanimous.
God had a plan. I always wondered why I built my house this big,’ said Culley.
Legal documents were prepared and signed. Laitkep was able to rest easy knowing her children were going to be well taken care of and much loved. The two women would have a bond forever by the six children. Laitkep knew that they shared the same parenting style and wanted her children brought up in a Christian home.
The Culleys have had all six children in the household since Laitkep was admitted into the hospital the first part of April.
Laitkep fought a valiant fight against cancer and lost her life on Thursday. Her friends, relatives and members of the community are left in mourning.
I want to thank every one of you that has shown your love and supported Beth and her family during this time. From making monetary donations, all the meals and just being there when needed. It’s been unbelievable, the support in our community,’ said Culley. ‘As for the future, we’re going to take one day at a time, keeping her memory alive and making new ones together as a family."

So far, they've received more than £37,000 in donation smashing their original target of £7000.
Stephanie said: "I’m not a saint. I’m not an angel. I’m not a hero. I just love these kids.
"To walk in the door and see all of them in the living room, dancing and playing and happy, that’s what it’s all about."
Twitter5 Beth’s children joined Stephanie’s family
5 Stephanie has taken Beth’s children into her home
At Beth’s funeral, the family all wore pink — and the girls wore matching bows in their hair, just as Stephanie had promised.
Stephanie told The Washington Post: “They know she’s an angel — they know she’s with us every day. Their favourite thing to do is get balloons and send them up to her."
She added : “As for the future, we’re going to take one day at a time, keeping Beth’s memory alive and making new ones together as a family.”

