Kate Middleton says she wants to take George, Charlotte and Louis on holiday to Blackpool during soggy visit
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8574224/kate-middleton-george-charlotte-louis-holiday-blackpool/
6th March 2019, 2:30 pm
KATE Middleton today revealed she wants to take kids George, Charlotte and Louis on a seaside holiday to Blackpool as she made a soggy visit to the Lancashire resort.
The Duchess of Cambridge was all smiles as she and Prince William visited the coastal town - channelling Mary Poppins with a giant umbrella to stay dry.
26 The Duchess of Cambridge arrives in Blackpool channelling the style of Mary Poppins
26 The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arriving at Blackpool Tower, where they will join a round table briefing about the town's recent history and challenges
And the mum-of-three made sure to stand out against the grey weather by donning a green £940 Sportmax coat and £225 Michael Kors dress with matching $435 Manu Atelier bag during the visit to Blackpool.
Leaving the kids at home, she and Prince William, 36, seemed in good spirits as they arrived on the Comedy Carpet that is decorated with comedians' catchphrases and jokes.
But the 37-year-old mum told wellwishers outside the Blackpool Tower she hoped to bring her children - Prince George, five, Princess Charlotte, three, and Prince Louis, ten-months, to the resort town.
She joked: "Is the weather always like this?"
And she said she was disappointed not to go up the famous tower, adding: "Next time, I think. There's so much here the children would love as well. Hopefully next time we'll bring them back."
The British seaside institution is known for the Blackpool Pleasure Beach, an amusement park built in 1894 with vintage wooden roller coasters.
And the mum - who last week admitted she was "broody" - seemed delighted as she chatted to local children and was presented with flowers today.
Once inside the iconic tower, Kate and William briefly stopped at a giant mirror unveiled by the Princess of Wales in July 1992 to mark the opening of Tower World.
ROYAL TRIP
The royal couple were also met by local dignitaries including the Mayor and Mayoress of Blackpool, Gary and Debbie Coleman, as learnt about the town's investment and regeneration projects.
To make them feel welcome, the Blackpool tourist board even gifted the couple "I love Blackpool" shirts for the whole family.
As one little girl shouted "Hello princess", Kate waved and smiled.
And a laughing Prince William was even gifted with a paper crown by local kids.
There's so much here the children would loveKate MiddletonThe Duchess of Sussex on Blackpool
 
The couple were then treated to a brief glimpse of the world-famous Tower Ballroom which is open to the public daily.
From their balcony view they watched dancers go through their strides in a waltz to I Shall See You Later, played on the Wurlitzer by Chris Hopkins.
As part of the visit to Blackpool, the couple also learnt how the slum housing situation was being turned around by the local council.
The Cambridges were shown a poorly maintained ex-boarding house at Kirby Road - then shown a similar home across the road that had been upgraded.
William and Kate see how the slum housing situation in Blackpool is being turned around d by the local council
PA:Press Association26 Kate Middleton said she hoped to take her kids to Blackpool for a visit after she and Prince William toured the resort today
Splash News26 Kate, who met local children, said she hoped to return in sunnier conditions with her own kids
26 Kate and William still greeted fans despite the rain
Getty - Contributor26 The Duchess told locals she wanted to take her kids to the seaside town for a holiday
Children from Happy Tots nursery in North Shore, Blackpool, welcomed them with gifts of Blackpool rock and posies of flowers. William said his children would appreciate the rock.
When he asked them what flavour the rock was, the children replied: "Blackpool."
Nursery manager and owner Julie Bryan said: "The children have been busy all week making flags and crowns. We also made a poster of photographs of William and Kate, together with pictures of the children, which we presented to them.
"It was an amazing experience for everyone here and it is such a privilege to be part of it."
They also presented a paper crown and garland to William.
HELPING BLACKPOOL'S COMMUNITY
Next on the itinerary is the Blackpool Central Library where they will join two separate discussions focusing on issues and initiatives of particular relevance to each of their ongoing charitable interests.
Kate will continue her work on early childhood and join people involved in Blackpool's A Better Start programme, including health visitors, practitioners from the Family Nurse Partnership, and parents.
William will meet people affected by problems around mental health, including issues such as homelessness and addiction, and will meet the people making a difference through the innovative work locally.
Their final stop of the day will be to visit Revoe Park, a former hangout for drug users, which was recently revamped to include a community garden.
The Royal Family is busy with engagements today, with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex attending the WE Day charity event in London. 
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
 
And Prince Harry sent the crowd into a frenzy as he brought his wife Meghan Markle onto stage.
The couple hugged and stood with their arms around one another as the duke told the crowd: "I am with you and we are with you. Get to work."
Rumours of a rift between Kate and Meghan were yesterday put to bed as the couple were filmed giggling during a Buckingham Palace reception.
26 Mary Poppins is famous for her umbrella - with Kate Middleton channelling the magic character's look for the rainy visit
AFP or licensors26 The Duchess of Cambridge was gifted flowers as she left Blackpool Tower
AFP or licensors26 The bright flowers stood out against the grey day
Getty Images - Getty26 The Duchess of Cambridge grins as she speaks to locals
Splash News26 Kate stunned in the green outfit - a green Sportmax coat and Michael Kors dress
Splash News26 The mum-of-three shared a joke with some of the locals
Splash News26 The Duchess seemed keen to chat to members of the public who had waited to meet her
26 The couple waved happily at crowds
PA:Press Association26 The couple joined a round table briefing about the town's recent history and challenges
PA:Press Association26 Kate and William spoke about the recent challenges facing Blackpool
Splash News26 Prince William receives a gift from one fan
Reuters26 Kate Middleton recently mentioned she was 'broody' again - and seemed delighted to chat to these sweet locals
Getty Images - Getty26 Prince William is given a crown by a local
Getty Images - Getty26 The future king thanks the local children
26 Kate Middleton made sure to stay warm in the cold weather with a scarf and gloves
26 The royal couple will focus on the social challenges facing Blackpool
26 Kate Middleton beaming in the rain as she dons a coat and umbrella a la Mary Poppins
Getty - Contributor26 The royal visitors will spend time on the Comedy Carpet, the UK's biggest public outdoor artwork on the promenade
26 Prince William and Kate Middleton left the kids at home for the Royal visit
AFP or licensors26 Kate beamed despite the soggy conditions
The latest trailer for Disney’s Mary Poppins Returns starring Emily Blunt has been released showing off the wondrous world of magic


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.



