Daily horoscope for Wednesday March 6 – here’s what the stars have in store for you today
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/horoscopes/8562728/daily-horoscope-today-wednesday-march-6-2019-star-sign/
6th March 2019, 12:01 am
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
Uranus moves into your cash chart so you see innovative ways to get rich. Buying and selling plays a part, but best is your ability to value what you already have.
Passion starts over as a new moon shares secrets to end a time of uncertainty between partners. If you are single, new love reminds you of a TV host.
1
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
You had a taste of it last year but now forward-looking planet Uranus is back with you for six years and will make big changes feel easy.
Commitment can be rewritten so it suits you better – and your work profile is less routine, more rebel.
In new love, you are making your own rules, setting your true self free.
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
Your chart of hidden ambitions wakes up and a push towards a personal project starts again.
The new moon of opportunity ensures you make your mark today, clearing away love and life goals you have grown out of and replacing them with something exciting.
Single? Listen out for a Scandinavian accent.
CANCER
June 22 to July 22
So many positive factors combine in your chart, as Uranus recharges your contacts list and a moon of fast learning opens up knowledge paths.
A journey to a new lifestyle may take years, but you will adore every step – so do commit.
Luck mixes old and new workmates for an unusual success.
LEO
July 23 to August 23
You may have forgotten dreams of fame but they have not forgotten you.
Uranus starts a six-year stay in your celebrity zone, sparkling chances return to your life.
This time you will be the driver, not passenger.
Powerful feelings flow from a new moon so love will be stronger, yet easier to understand.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
Learning or travelling patterns may be out of the ordinary but they are yours and you have the support of independence- minded planet Uranus.
Standing out has never felt more comfortable and you get results.
A co-operation moon urges you to get people in your life talking again. New love has a “G” name.
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
Hopes for long-term change become reality as Uranus enters your makeover zone for a six-year stint.
You have the time you need to become what you want.
If a change of status tops your list, a name you first hear today is key.
You can get fit, too, as a new moon reboots routines and a competitive friend helps.
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
Wild-living and loving Uranus returns to your opposite sign for the next few years, encouraging romance.
Partners start to get to know each other much better. Or if you are single, someone so unlike your “type” hits your heart hard.
A creative moon links past and future in some personal writing that others enjoy.
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
It is a day to celebrate family and friendship but also push for a bigger say in a shared future.
A new moon ups your confidence to introduce new ideas in new ways.
At work, your next few years look fabulous as Uranus rips up the rule book, and out-of-reach roles come closer. You shine in a community challenge.
CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
Restrictions on your imagination ease as Uranus takes charge of your creative chart and settles in for an extraordinary and successful time.
No idea is too big or unusual to succeed. Plus, you have a communication flair that finds the right words at the right time.
Passion repays you, double, for every past effort.
AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
A new moon keeps a cash contract or chat going until it works for you, and a signature is closer.
With Uranus in your security zone for the next few years, you refuse to settle for less than you deserve – in all areas but especially love.
You recognise that even the best relationships need to be worked at.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination 
PISCES
February 19 to March 20
The positive spin of a new moon kick-starts projects today, from passionate to professional.
Your communication style may not be conventional but it can work well and fast. So be ready.
Your strongest source of luck and love connect you to a Taurus friend, the one who knows the real you.

