Prince Harry’s fears about the world his baby with Meghan Markle will be born into
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/8408651/prince-harrys-fears-world-meghan-markles-baby-born-into/
12th February 2019, 10:48 am
PRINCE Harry and Meghan Markle are currently preparing to become parents for the first time.
While it is a special time for the royal couple, the Duke of Sussex, 34, has admitted his fears for the world his new son or daughter will be born into.
News Group Newspapers Ltd4 Prince Harry has voiced his cornerns for the world his baby will be born into
The royal dad-to-be attended a roundtable discussion with Commonwealth young leaders last month at London's Lancaster House, and raised his concerns in a powerful speech.
Prince Harry said: “As someone who is about to become a father, I am acutely aware of our shared responsibility to make this world more resilient and its inhabitants more accountable for the next generation.
“The only way to see real progress is not by chance, it's by change. Let's get to work."
Meghan, 37, is due to give birth in spring, and Kensington Palace haven’t confirmed the expected due date.
AFP4 Prince Harry said he's 'acutely aware of our shared responsibility to make this world more resilient'
At the prestigious Commonwealth event, Prince Harry spoke about the importance of saving the planet.
He continued: “There is now, more than ever, a pressing urgency to saving the planet - the clock, as you all know, is ticking."
And the royal also voiced how there is a lack of mental health support for younger geneations.
AP:Associated Press4 The Duke of Sussex, 34, raised his worries at a roundtable discussion with Commonwealth young leaders last month
Prince Harry added: "As I have spoken to young people on my travels, one of the recurring themes is the lack of mental health support for those under 30 and the remaining stigma and absence of services available.
“And while this may seem streamlined, and even niche to some, what I have come to understand so deeply is that all health is interconnected – our mental health, our planet's health, the health of our communities."
Prince Charles has also spoken about his concerns for the world his grandkids will experience.
Getty - Pool4 Prince Charles said it seems 'insanity' to him that his grandkids should inherit a 'polluted, damaged and destroyed world'
The future king and heir to the throne visited Ghana last November, and voiced his worries during the trip.
He said that future generations will face a "completely polluted, damaged and destroyed world", unless change is brought about.
Prince Charles, who is a passionate advocate for environmental issues, continued: “I am about to have another grandchild actually.
“It does seem to me insanity if we are going to bequeath this completely polluted, damaged and destroyed world to them.
“All grandchildren deserve a better future."
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination 
Since Meghan announced she was pregnant at the start of the Royal Tour Down Under, fans have been on baby watch ever since.
The royal baby could be born on Brexit Day, according to latest odds.
Meanwhile, other eagle-eyed fans claim Meghan’s new diamond ring could be proof she is having a baby in April.
Meghan Markle's mother will play a 'pivotal role' in baby's life as she is determined not 'to rely on Harry', says royal expert Victoria Murphy on Today Show

