Kate Middleton shows pupils cute snap of her with Wills and kids as they share ‘happy’ items on school visit
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8354637/kate-middleton-shows-pupils-prince-william-children-pictures/
5th February 2019, 12:10 pm
KATE Middleton showed pupils a cute picture of her family as they shared "something that makes them feel good" on a London school visit this morning.
She took out the snap of her, Prince William and her smiling children and popped it on a desk she sat at with a group of pupils, as part of a string of visits marking Children's Mental Health Week.
Getty Images - Getty21 Kate Middleton brought along a picture of her and her family to show pupils at the school visit this morning
Getty Images - Getty21 The duchess brought something that makes her happy to the classroom and showed the children a picture of her family
The picture, taken at Amber Hall in Norfolk last year, shows the Cambridges posing with their children George, Charlotte and Louis and was first released as their family Christmas card.
She told pupils, as she took the photo out of her purse: "This is a photograph of my family, these are my children and this is my husband, and my family makes me happy - we like playing outside together and spending lots of time together and that makes me happy."
Kate arrived first at Lavender Primary School in Enfield, North London before she is due to go to Alperton Community School today - smiling as she was greeted by singing schoolchildren.
The duchess was handed a bunch of flowers by an adorable pupil, who she crouched down to meet this morning.
She was dressed in a green £2,100 Eponine dress with £300 LK Bennett boots for the chilly day out.
The Duchess of Cambridge will also meet the "world's best teacher" during the school visits later today.
The 37-year-old has previously spoken out about the importance of supporting kids' mental health, encouraging them to be comfortable in their own skin.
She even penned a personal essay about mental health issues with Huffington Post UK, writing: "The mental health of our children must be seen as every bit as important as their physical health.
EPA21 The snap Kate showed was taken of her and Wills with their kids Louis, Charlotte and George at Amber Hall in Norfolk last year
Getty Images - Getty21 Kate looked delighted to see the schoolchildren and meet teachers during her first visit of the day
Andrew Parsons21 The Duchess of Cambridge bent down to shake hands with an adorable pupil at Lavender Primary School
PA:Press Association21 She smiled and chatted happily to the gaggle of schoolkids in London
Getty Images - Getty21 Kate roars with laughter as she talks to pupils in the classroom
Getty Images - Getty21 The Duchess gained a fan as she met a cute dog at the first school visit
21 The Duchess of Cambridge received cuddles from a school's cockapoo while on a visit
Getty Images - Getty21 She wore sturdy boots to visit the London school today
Getty Images - Getty21 Kate shook hands with a young royal fan as crowds gathered outside the school
Splash News21 She crouched down to say hello to an adorable pupil and accept a posey
Getty Images - Getty21 Kate looked happy and relaxed as she embarked on two school visits today
Getty Images - Getty21 Kate bent down for a quick cuddle with a dog at the London school
PA:Press Association21 She bent down to speak to the eager schoolchildren waiting to meet her
Getty Images - Getty21 Kate was asked to bring in something that makes her happy - she chose to bring a picture of her family
Getty Images - Getty21 She wrapped up warm with a bright green dress and tights for the morning visit
"For too long we have been embarrassed to admit when our children need emotional or psychiatric help, worried that the stigma associated with these problems would be detrimental to their futures."
And she even related her message to her own family, saying: "Like most parents today, William and I would not hesitate to seek help for our children if they needed it.
Writing before youngest Prince Louis was born, she said: "We hope to encourage George and Charlotte to speak about their feelings, and to give them the tools and sensitivity to be supportive peers to their friends as they get older.
"We know there is no shame in a young child struggling with their emotions or suffering from a mental illness."
The mum has been a patron of charity Place2Be since 2013 and has worked with husband Prince William and Prince Harry in their Heads Together campaign.
Making it a priority in her work as a royal, her first public engagement with Prince William since her maternity leave saw her part of the first Global Ministerial Mental Health summit.
The Royals met young people who have either had or are dealing with mental health issues.
Kate's outing today comes after she has focused her royal engagements on meeting kids this year.
She headed to Islington Community Garden last month - but was stumped by one adorable student's question about the Queen.
MOST READ IN NEWS DYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
As the group rolled out dough and slathered tomato sauce on the dough, the young student piped up: "Has the Queen ever eaten pizza?"
Kate replied: "That is such a good question, I don't know.
"Maybe next time I see her, shall I ask?"
Kate Middleton visits schoolkids in London and shares a cute snap of her with Wills and kids with pupils
Reuters21 The Duchess, 37, is visiting London schoolkids as part of her work to raise awareness for mental health.
Goff Photos21 Kate Middleton smiled widely as she arrived at Lavender Primary School
Getty Images - Getty21 Kate wore a dress by Eponine with laced black ankle boots for the first visit of the day
Getty Images - Getty21 She waved happily at crowds gathered at the London school gate


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.



