We moved in together six weeks after our first date and bought £230k house 5 months later
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/money/8313612/couple-movein-date-weeks-months-buy-first-home/
1st February 2019, 8:59 am

AFTER just six weeks of knowing each other Jamie Preston moved into Emma Winter's rented home in a village in Gloucestershire. 
The couple knew it was a big risk - but just five months later they took an even bigger leap and paid a fee to reserve a £229,000 two-bed house nearby.
SWNS:South West News Service12 Emma Winter bought her home with her partner, Jamie, who did not wish to be pictured, in June 2016
After just 15 months of dating Emma Winter, 38, and Jamie Preston, 36, got the keys to their first home in June 2016.
Emma, who works in insurance, had already saved her £6,000 half of the deposit by working overtime before they'd even met.
While Jamie, a medical engineer, took on extra work, including weekend jobs and night shifts in order to boost his income, on top of his Monday to Friday salary.
He moved in with Emma so that he could save up the cash more quickly.
SWNS:South West News Service12 The couple reserved the new-build house before even looking round a show house
It took him nearly a year to get his half of the funds together, which they used towards the deposit and moving costs, such as legal fees.
The couple also cut costs by ditching the holidays, socialising less, and reducing the amount they spent on themselves.
They also saved £600 by using cashback sites to buy furniture and cut their household bills.
We caught up with Emma for this week's instalment of My First Home.
Tell us, what’s your house like?
We bought our three-bedroom new-build property in a village in Gloucestershire two years ago.
Downstairs, there’s a large lounge/diner, kitchen and toilet – and patio doors lead on to a small garden.
SWNS:South West News Service12 The couple decided to start saving for somewhere shortly after meeting
SWNS:South West News Service12 Jamie moved in with Emma only six weeks after they met
Upstairs, the main bedroom – with a dressing room and en-suite is over the garage – and then there’s a double room, a single room, and the main bathroom.
As it’s a new-build, all the fittings, carpet, floorings and white goods were included.
Let’s talk finances. How much did you pay for it?
We paid £229,000 for the property in June 2016, and used a Help to Buy loan - we wouldn’t have been able to afford to buy without it.

Are you a first-time buyer who want to share tips on how you did it? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 78 24516. Don't forget to join the Sun Money's first-time buyer Facebook group for the latest tips on buying your first home. 

We put down a £12,000 deposit which worked out at around 5 per cent of the purchase price, and took out a £46,000 Help to Buy loan.
We then took out a mortgage for the remainder – a five-year fixed-rate with Leeds Building Society at 2.59 per cent over a term of 30 years.
Our monthly mortgage repayments are currently £625, which is around £100 more than what I was paying in rent.
We found this deal through a financial adviser, but we didn’t have to pay her as she took her commission from the lender.
SWNS:South West News Service12 The couple managed to save £600 on furniture and setting up utilities by shopping through cashback sites
SWNS:South West News Service12 Downstairs, there’s a large lounge/diner, kitchen and a toilet
How did you save for the deposit?
Before meeting Jamie, I worked quite a few weekend shifts on top of my usual Monday to Friday job in insurance to make some extra money to put towards a house deposit.
I would often go out with the girls on a Friday or Saturday, but would be the designated driver so I could get up in the morning and go to work.
As I had a more money in savings than Jamie when we met, we decided it made sense for him to move in with me.
What are your tips for other first timers?JAMIE and Emma share their top tips on what it takes to save for your first home:

Make use of Government schemes, such as the Help to Buy ISA, as you really do get “money for nothing.”
Take advantage of cashback via a site such as Topcashback whenever you can. It takes very little effort, and you can end up with a big chunk of money for making purchases you were going to make anyway. This cash – which is also “money for nothing” – can be a real boost to your savings. The site also features voucher codes which can come in useful. I wouldn’t be without it.
Be prepared to work extra hours. If you want a home enough, working over-time is totally do-able.


This meant he could live rent-free while he saved his half of the deposit – though he did contribute towards food and other household bills.
We made the decision to live together just six weeks after meeting one another which was quite brave, but we both felt it was a chance worth taking.
Jamie then took on extra work at the weekend – on top of working at nights. At times, this wasn’t easy for him.
We restricted the amount we went out, and cut back on how much we spent on things for ourselves. There were also no lavish holidays for a year or so.
We both opened new current accounts with Nationwide too and took advantage of the switching offer, which meant we each got £100.
We also both opened Help to Buy ISAs with Nationwide while we were saving – so both benefited from the Government bonus.
In total, we each got a bonus of around £500 from the Government which was a real help.
SWNS:South West News Service12 Emma and Jamie have been living in their new home now for two years
SWNS:South West News Service12 The pair paid £229,000 for the property in and used a Help to Buy loan
How did you find the property?
We were focused on finding a new-build so we could take advantage of the Government Help to Buy loan and didn't want a place that needed a lot of work doing to it.
At the same time, we were keen to live in an area walking distance from my workplace – and close to Jamie’s family.
We actually pulled out of the first new-build property we reserved because we found out we had to buy all the flooring and appliances on top of the sale price.
This would have cost us an extra £20,000 – a sum we just couldn’t afford.
We then found our home in another development, just around the corner from where I work. With this property, all the fittings, carpets, flooring and white good were included.
How much can you save using cashback sites? EMMA and Jamie saved cash by shopping through TopCashback. Here are some of their top savings: 

Bed and mattress from Bensons for Beds, £939.48 - Cashback: £69.03
 Bedside cabinets and dressing table from Dwell, £119.60 - Cashback: £3.14
 Bedside cabinets and a dressing table from Argos, £171.93 - Cashback: £2.70
Light shades from Habitat, £59.05 - Cashback: £1.23
Bedding from Dunelm, £114.9 - Cashback: £5.06
Towel rails and other fittings from BathStore, £73.33 - Cashback: £2.42
Home insurance with Hastings Direct, £212.23 - Cashback: £20.40
Car breakdown cover through the AA, £165 - Cashback: £54.99
Getting quotes on car insurance from price comparison site, Gocompare.com, free - Cashback: £2.10


 
Unfortunately, the developer hadn’t built a show-home for the particular option of property we were looking to buy, so we bought off-plan.
We put down a reservation fee in August 2015. At this stage, we’d only been together five months – so it really was quite a brave decision – especially as neither of us had owned a home before.
Were there any issues?
There were no major issues, except a bit of work that had to be done in the garden, including adding extra paving and laying a lawn.
Other than that, there were just a few minor snagging issues, but we didn’t have to pay for any of the work, as all costs were covered by the developer for the first two years after we moved in.
How did you afford the furniture?
We ordered just about every piece of furniture we needed through Topcashback - a site which will basically pay you to shop through them.
We put any money we earned straight into our account, initially to cover our moving costs – and then to cover bills when we finally moved into our new home.
The amount varied massively. For example, we paid £939.48 for our bed and mattress from Bensons for Beds and got £69.03 cashback, but we only got £2.70 back after spending £171.93 in Argos on bedside cabinets and a dressing table.
SWNS:South West News Service12 The couple began buying their furniture before they moved into their new home
SWNS:South West News Service12 The savvy savers got £69 cashback by spending £939.48 on their bed and mattress from Bensons
We used the website as much as we could on things like light shades, bedding and towel rails. Even though the savings didn't sound like much on their own they all began to add up.
It worked for our utilities too. For example, we paid £212.23 for our home insurance with Hastings Direct and got £20.40 cashback, and we also got cashback when we set up our broadband with Sky.
We paid £165 for car breakdown cover through the AA, and got £54.99 cashback. We even got £2.10 cashback just for getting quotes on car insurance from price comparison site, Gocompare.com.
SWNS:South West News Service12 After spending £171.93 on bedside cabinets and a dressing table from Argos they only got £2.70 cashback
SWNS:South West News Service12 It only takes Emma 20 minutes to walk to work and the house is round the corner from Jamie's family
It felt like "money for nothing" at a time when we had money going out of account left, right and centre. Getting cashback was a bit of a "pick me up."
What’s the area like?
The location is ideal as, I can walk from home to work within 20 minutes, plus Jamie’s family lives just a 10 minute drive away.
We are also close to all sorts of shops and amenities, including a Tesco, Costa, Greggs, pub, gym, bank, doctor’s surgery and several parks.
The area feels very welcoming, and there’s a community centre which hosts lots of meetings and activities all year round – so there’s always plenty of opportunity to meet other local people.
MY FIRST HOMEFULL HOUSE How I saved £32k for first house and wedding and STILL enjoyed nights out SAVVY SAVER Ditching nights out helps first-time buyer save extra £850 a month PENTHOUSE PAD Childhood pals clubbed together to buy £525k three-bed London flat BUYER BEWARE We nearly lost dream home due to mortgage adviser's error - and it cost us £4k FLY THE NEST First-time buyers, 32, spend 10 YEARS saving £40k deposit for one-bed flat HOME AND AWAY First-time buyer saved £17k deposit in a year by becoming a super scrimper 
When will you move again?
We don’t have a family yet, but hope we will in the future. If this happens, we’ll need to think about moving again as we’ll need more space – especially if we end up having two children. It would also be nice to have a bigger garden once little ones come along.
But for the next five years or so, I think we’ll be happy here.
What help is out there for first-time buyers?GETTING on the property ladder can feel like a daunting task but there are schemes out there to help first-time buyers have their own home.Help to Buy Isa - It's a tax-free savings account where for every £200 you save, the Government will add an extra £50. But there's a maximum limit of £3,000 which is paid to your solicitor when you move.
Help to Buy equity loan - The Government will lend you up to 20 per cent of the home's value - or 40 per cent in London - after you've put down a five per cent deposit. The loan is on top of a normal mortgage but it can only be used to buy a new build property.
Lifetime Isa - This is another Government scheme that gives anyone aged 18 to 39 the chance to save tax-free and get a bonus of up to £32,000 towards their first home. You can save up to £4,000 a year and the Government will add 25 per cent on top.
Shared ownership - Co-owning with a housing association means you can buy a part of the property and pay rent on the remaining amount. You can buy anything from 25 to 75 per cent of the property but you're restricted to specific ones.
"First dibs" in London - London Mayor Sadiq Khan is working on a scheme that will restrict sales of all new-build homes in the capital up to £350,000 to UK buyers for three months before any overseas marketing can take place.
Starter Home Initiative - A Government scheme that will see 200,000 new-build homes in England sold to first-time buyers with a 20 per cent discount by 2020. To receive updates on the progress of these homes you can register your interest on the Starter Homes website.


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 78 24516. Don't forget to join the Sun Money's Facebook group for the latest bargains and money-saving advice. 


