Rich men love being ‘financially dominated’ by young women who ‘bully’ them into paying their rent and buying designer shoes
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/8193436/women-make-thousands-financially-dominating-men-findoms/
14th January 2019, 6:27 pm
BEING a student is often associated with being strapped for cash - but not for Charlie and Brooke.
The 20-year-olds have a rather unique way of boosting their student loans, by working as "findoms" (aka financial dominatrixes) on the side.
Copy Media6 The women have been working as "findoms" for around a year
The pair, who are both living together and studying at the same university in the north of England, are part of a community receiving money from strangers (aka "subs") who want to be controlled.
Charlie and Brooke are unlikely to ever meet their "submissives" as there is never any personal contact or sexual relationship.
The basis of the agreement is little more than emails and messages in return for cash.
“Some men like to be humiliated or told that they’re worthless, others just want you to be in charge of their money,” explains Charlie.
Copy Media6 They receive money from strangers who want to be controlled
“A lot of the men are in positions of power, CEOs of companies, so for them giving you their money is like a power exchange.
"It makes them feel inferior to give away what makes them powerful and that’s what they like, it’s a complete contrast to their work lives.
“Different people want you for different reasons but we are always in charge.”
Copy Media6 The women say they're always in charge
The women have been working as findoms for around a year and receive anything from £20 for breakfast to hundreds for designer shoes.
“I stumbled upon findoms on Twitter and I was curious so I explored it and thought it was something I should get into because it offered the same satisfaction as being a conventional dominatrix but without having to physically meet as often as if you were doing it in person. You need less equipment too," explained Charlie.
“It isn’t a sexual job for us, we don’t get that kind of satisfaction from it, but the money and the control is the fetish."
Copy Media6 Gifts can range from £20 for breakfast to hundreds for designer clothes
“We live together and we’re both studying for degrees – one in a creative subject and one in a more academic subject – so we have a good rhythm for running a business together," she continued.
"I helped create our brand, The Countesses, I do the artwork and coordinate photoshoots, and she looks after the accounts and the spreadsheets.
“And we do run it as a serious business, it’s a lot harder than people think it is – everyone thinks you can just go on social media, put up a couple of photos and the money will start coming in, but it’s not like that.
"You have to understand the psychology of being a dominatrix, have the right branding and know how to keep track of how much money is coming in and for what.”
Copy Media6 The gifts became more extravagant as the business grew
As the business grew, Charlie and Brooke began receiving more extravagant gifts, with men offering to pay bills or handing over control of their monthly salary altogether.
And while the women originally took payment via PayPal, they now use Circle Pay for cash and Delivery Code for gifts.
"They don’t like you using their service for that kind of transaction,” explains Charlie.
“We try and invest a lot of what we’re given because we plan to buy a house, that’s our aim.
"It’s good to have nice things, and expensive things, but we make sure we save for the future too.
“Although we are in charge, we make sure we don’t go beyond their limits emotionally or financially.
"So we’ll look at their file and think ‘we can’t ask them to do that’ or ‘they don’t like that’ and if we know they don’t have much money one month we won’t ask them to pay more.
"We respect their situation and their boundaries.”
Copy Media6 Charlie and Brooke say they have made thousands
The pair say they've made thousands in their first year alone and have no plans to give it up.
“As long as we don’t have any threats to our privacy, if someone finds out our identity and shares it, I can’t imagine we’ll ever quit because we enjoy it so much,” explained Charlie.
“Keeping our identities secret is crucial though because we want to go into careers when we graduate so even though what we’re doing isn’t illegal we don’t want anything to jeopardise our futures and potentially affect the rest of our lives.
“Our close friends know we do this and they’re fine with it and my mum knows and thinks it’s hilarious.
“I told her purely because I was getting my family better gifts than I would normally do, and I didn’t want her to think I was doing sexual things or anything weird so I said, ‘this is how I’m getting money’ and explained and she didn’t have a problem with it at all.”
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination 
Earlier this week, we told you about the gran, 72, who married a 17-year-old boy she met at her son’s funeral gushes about her ‘wonderful lover’.
We also revealed hygiene-mad mum baffles internet after saying people should ‘sneeze internally’.
And we showed you the vet who shared photos of naked treks to make exes jealous and help her tackle her ‘rough patch’.
Mum parodies Kate Upton and tells women to 'dream bigger' than losing weight

