Vincent Kompany becomes player manager of Anderlecht after quitting Man City
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/9107122/vincent-kompany-player-manager-anderlecht-man-city/
19th May 2019, 11:05 am
VINCENT KOMPANY has been appointed as the new player manager of Anderlecht.
Kompany, 33, announced he was leaving City after 11 years less than 24 hours after leading them to the domestic treble.
6 Kompany pictured with his new colleagues, Marc Coucke (left), chairman of Anderlecht, and senior board member Michael Verschueren
PA:Press Association6 Vincent Kompany has left Manchester City a day after leading the club to the domestic treble
BREAKING NEWS: #Theprinceisback. #COYM #RSCA. Stay tuned pic.twitter.com/pcb7A7pzd5— RSC Anderlecht (@rscanderlecht) May 19, 2019


And the Belgian defender will now be returning to his home country to take over the reigns of Anderlecht - the club where he started his illustrious career.
In an open letter posted on his Facebook page, Kompany wrote: "I choose to be grateful for the past but remain ambitious and driven for the future.
"For the next three years, I will take up the role of Player-Manager of RSC Anderlecht.
Belgium’s finest.
"This may come as a surprise to you.
"It’s the most passionate yet rational decision I’ve ever made.
"As a footballer, I was born and raised at RSC Anderlecht. Since the age of 6, I have been one with that club.
"A history of 34 league titles, they are second to none."
Kompany won four Premier League titles since joining the club in 2008, together with two FA Cups, four League Cups and two Community Shields.
He played in 360 games for the club, scoring 20 goals - his last being a thunderous game-winner against Leicester in a crucial match for this year's title race.
But the Belgian's last four seasons were marred by various injuries, seriously reducing his impact on the team.
I want to share my knowledge with the next purple generations. With that, I will also put a bit of Manchester in the heart of BelgiumVincent Kompany
Anderlecht finished fourth in the regular domestic season and have now gone two years with lifting the title.
Ex-City star Kompany has brought into a new vision for the club sold to him by Frank Arnsesen, Chelsea's former director of football who is now in a similar role with the Belgian club.
Kompany added: "I stopped at their training grounds on my way to international duty last year. Just to say hello.
"Marc Coucke, the chairman, and Sports Director Michael Verschueren asked my opinion regarding the difficult situation the club was in.
"I shared my thoughts and listened to their vision for the future: ambitious, courageous and determined to get back to number one.
"I offered my help, no strings attached, should they need it.
"Later on in the season, newly appointed Technical Director Frank Arnesen joined and we organized some technical sessions on how to build a strong playing identity based on attractive, attacking football.
"RSCA has a tradition of having fantastic youth. You could say they have the past and the future, but struggle with the present.
"Not so long ago, I took a call from RSC Anderlecht. Quite unexpectedly, they offered me the position of Player-Manager.
Getty - Contributor6 Kompany started his illustrious career at Anderlecht and wants to build a new generation of top players
"Michael and Frank explained to me in detail how they saw it working in practice.
They had thought it through.
"Mr. Coucke, the owner, pledged full support: time, budget, framework, staff, facilities.
"I was left not only impressed, but also intrigued by this sign of confidence in me. It got me thinking.
"The end of this season couldn’t be more memorable. I have lived the dream here. I have learned so much the last 3 years.
"From an incredible manager. Pep Guardiola reignited my love for the game.
"I’ve witnessed, participated, analyzed, absorbed, studied. Man City play the football I want to play.
"It is the football I want to teach and to see played. I have decided to take up the challenge at RSC Anderlecht. Player-Manager.
"I want to share my knowledge with the next purple generations. With that, I will also put a bit of Manchester in the heart of Belgium.
"This is no goodbye. It’s a see you later."
Meanwhile, City chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak said: "There have been many important contributors to Manchester City’s renaissance, but arguably none are more important than Vincent Kompany.
"He defines the essence of the club. For a decade he has been the lifeblood, the soul, and beating heart of a supremely talented squad.
latest Man City newsCITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB GossipCriminally Insane Bayern Munich 'confident' of signing Man City winger Leroy Sane HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief Best in class Andros Townsend stunner at Man City named Premier League Goal of the Season PicturedCamerafan Pep Guardiola gets lift home from title celebrations with Man City fan 
"A booming voice in the dressing room yet a quiet and measured ambassador off it, Vincent can be as proud of himself as we are of him.
"His leadership, intelligence and determination have seen him adapt brilliantly to playing under four different managers and overcome some debilitating injuries.
"He is a special character who has answered every demand the club has made of him."
AP:Associated Press6 Kompany with his kids at the Etihad
Manchester City FC6 Kompany with former Man City manager Mark Hughes after signing for Man City from Hamburg in 2008
AFP or licensors6 Kompany's incredible goal against Leicester virtually sealed the title for Man City
 
Man City captain Vincent Kompany delighted and emotional  to win The FA Cup - on what would end up being his last game for the club

