Feral youths as young as 13 armed with bolt cutters setting up ROAD BLOCKS to rob delivery drivers and hurling rocks at windows
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7785371/delivery-drivers-attacked-road-blocks-moston-harpurhey/
20th November 2018, 1:42 pm
DELIVERY workers are being repeatedly set upon by teenagers as young as 13 who are setting up road blocks to carry out violent attempted robberies.
Mark Livsey, who runs Parcel Partner, said he now considers parts of Manchester a "no-go zone" for his staff following a string of incidents in Harpurhey and Moston.
4 A number of youths confront the lorry driver in the worrying footage - wielding weapons and hurling rocks
He shared footage from September in which one young gang caused £2,000 of damage to a lorry and left the driver in hospital.
Mr Livsey said: "That area of Moston and Harpurhey - it's just a joke.
"It's not acceptable and we get it all the time.
"We try and request no deliveries around there now - it's that bad. Drivers get attacked there all the time.
4 A rock is thrown towards the windscreen as the driver desperately attempts to make an escape
4 The windscreen shatters as the young thugs continue their attack
"They will follow them - depending how big the driver is, they will stop them in the road and then say 'oh you're delivering to number 13', then they're round the back trying to get into the van.
"They come equipped, with bolt cutters and everything. They are only young, 13 to 16-years-old, they're not grown men."
Moment gang of 10 hooded thugs attack and rob Just Eat delivery driver in Manchester 
Chief Inspector Denise Pye of Greater Manchester Police's City of Manchester team has addressed concerns from locals about a spate of recent incidents - including shocking footage of a Just Eat driver being set upon.
She said: “The recent attacks on business owners and members of the community are very concerning. Everyone should be able to do their job without fear and we will not tolerate acts of violence or antisocial behaviour in our community.
“We take all crimes seriously, allocating officers and staff in line with the threat, harm and risk that is presented, while ensuring that we are safeguarding our most vulnerable members of society."
MEN Media4 AJust Eat driver arriving with the KFC order in Moston, Manchester, was confronted by young thugs before being robbed earlier this month
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
SOLD DOWN THE RIVER: Robbed Amazon driver sacked then told to pay for van AND stolen parcelsAN Amazon courier robbed while on duty was sacked and told the cost of the van repairs and stolen packages would be taken out of his wages.
Martyn Gilham, 28, was accosted by a man while he was dropping off a parcel in Coventry earlier this year.
The thief forced the dad-of-one to the floor and snatched the van keys in the raid.
He jumped into the vehicle and drove off with 62 parcels and Martyn’s wallet in the back.
The van was later recovered by police who have held the vehicle while they carry out forensic checks.
A week later, Martyn received a text from his boss at Fast Despatch Transport Ltd in Leicester, an agency which provides Amazon with couriers.
He was told that the agency was letting him go and that the cost of the stolen van and packages would be deducted from his wages.
The boss wrote to Martyn: “Still waiting for police to release the van. About work, we will not use your service anymore.
“About your earning, we have to wait to see what will be the bill for the van and for the parcels inside and you receive the rest.”
Fast Despatch appeared to backtrack when confronted by The Sun.
A spokesman said: “The safety of the contracted drivers we work with is our key priority and we are investigating this matter with the police.
“Drivers are trained in the safety and security of themselves and their vehicles.
“When drivers leave Fast Despatch Transport they are paid all money owed to them after a short time period which allows us to calculate outstanding amounts due, such as repair of any damage to the vehicle caused by the driver while delivering parcels.
“This is clearly explained to the drivers when they start working with us. The driver will not be charged the cost of stolen parcels.”

Elsewhere in Coventry, Royal Mail refused to deliver to an entire street after a postie was robbed at knifepoint.
Residents on the street in Nuneaton, Warks, were told in September that they will not get any post or parcels for the "foreseeable future".
They instead had to make a mile-long trip to a delivery office every day to pick up their mail after the "serious incident".
A Royal Mail spokesman said: "The safety of our people is of paramount importance to Royal Mail so regrettably we have had to suspend deliveries to the flats until we can ensure that it is safe to deliver to these addresses."

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




