California wildfires mapped – what’s caused the fires and why has the 2018 season been so destructive?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7717355/california-wildfires-mapped-causes/
20th November 2018, 10:18 am
DOZENS of people are dead and hundreds are missing as fierce wildfires continue to rage through California.
Ordinary people lost their homes alongside celebrities such as Gerard Butler and Miley Cyrus who have seen their mansions burned to the ground.
4 The Camp Fire in Northern California has killed dozens of people
Maps of fire – where are the infernos raging?
Camp Fire
Camp Fire is raging in Northern California.
It is located in Butte County, burning 150,000 acres.
It destroyed the town of Paradise and 79 dead have been confirmed.
Woolsey Fire
This fire is in the County of Los Angeles and Ventura County.
Close to 97, 000 acres have been burned in the inferno.
Three people have been confirmed as dead.
Hill Fire
Hill Fire is located in Ventura County with 4,531 burned.
Ventura is found in the southern part of the state of California, north west of Los Angeles.
4 The Woolsey fire has devastated parts of celeb-packed Malibu near Los Angeles in Southern California
What caused the 2018 fires?
The strong Santa Ana winds, which are regularly whipped up in autumn, have a long history of fanning destructive wildfires in the region.
They are produced by surface high pressure over the Great Basin squeezing air down through canyons and passing through Southern California's mountain ranges.
While the fires’ causes remain under investigation, electrical firm Southern California Edison told authorities that there was an outage on an electrical circuit near where Woolsey fire started.
Getty Images - Getty4 Firefighters battle the Woolsey Fire as it burns through homes in Malibu
The company said the report was submitted out of caution although there was no indication from fire officials that its equipment may have been involved.
They said the fire was reported around 2.24pm local time on Thursday, two minutes after the outage.
Venture County Fire Chief Mark Lorenzen hadn't heard about the Edison report. "It wouldn't surprise me" if it turns out that winds caused equipment failure that sparked a fire, he said.
Officials say fire behaviour has changed statewide after years of drought and record summer heat that have left vegetation extremely crisp and dry.
That change has impacted the ability to move firefighting resources around the state.
Los Angeles County Fire Chief Daryl Osby appeared to blame climate change for the fires in North California which usually would have had "significant rainfall or even snow" at this time of year.
Considering the devastation and loss of life in the north of the state, "it's evident from that situation statewide that we're in climate change and it's going to be here for the foreseeable future," he said.
4 This map shows some of the celebs homes that have been destroyed in the monster inferno
Which celebrities have been impacted?
Former 007 star Pierce Brosnan looked shaken as he returned to his torched home in Malibu.
Music mogul Simon Cowell moved his belongings out from his home in Malibu – which became under threat after the Woolsey Fire surge towards his coastal enclave.
The inferno caused Kim Kardashian, Lady Gaga and Will Smith to flee their mansions.
Blurred Lines singer Robin Thicke's home was destroyed by the fire.
His girlfriend April Love Geary, 23, put a photo of their charred front gate on Instagram, saying: “Our house is gone.”
MOST READ IN NEWSGAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack FARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone HAMM SLAM Philip Hammond sparks uproar from Brexiteers in rant over consequences of No Deal CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM 
 
Wrecking Ball singer Miley Cyrus was also affected by the blaze and confirmed her house "no longer stands".
She tweeted: "Completely devastated by the fires affecting my community. I am one of the lucky ones. My animals and LOVE OF MY LIFE made it out safely & that’s all that matters right now.
"My house no longer stands but the memories shared with family & friends stand strong."
Gerard Butler, Neil Young, Kim Basinger and US TV personality Camille Grammer also lost their homes in the fires.
Hollywood actor Gerard Butler returns to smouldering remains of his home that was destroyed by the California wildfires

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours

 
 

