Here’s what the Red Planet could look like if humans were to live on Mars
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7744318/heres-what-the-red-planet-could-look-like-if-humans-were-to-live-on-mars/
15th November 2018, 9:32 am
SPECIALISTS have unveiled prototypes for human homes on a Martian colony after research revealed one in ten Brits would move to the Red Planet tomorrow if they could.
Architectural experts produced plans for three distinct dwellings fit for Mars: an apartment aimed at young professionals, a family home and a luxury mansion.
8 This is what a typical apartment block on Mars could look like, according to experts
Each is designed to protect interplanetary homeowners from hazardous cosmic rays, space radiation and Mars' severe dust storms, as well as insulate them from the cold.
Details of the homes emerged after researchers found many Brits considered swapping planets for a sense of adventure, more living space and to escape human dangers on Earth.
Scientists and astronauts - including Brit Tim Peake - have said humans could colonise the Red Planet as early as 2040, with a proper settlement established by 2050.
A panel of specialists worked alongside a visualisation team to predict how future Martian homes are likely to look, with interior and exterior images released for a variety of futuristic residential builds.
8 Architects predict family homes will be built within protective caves and include a driveway
8 Mars mansions will be part of a crater community, boasting showstopping vistas across the cavity from three levels
Stephen Petranek, author of the book How We’ll Live on Mars, which the National Geographic series MARS is based on, said: “It’s exciting to think that humans will be living on Mars far sooner than most people think.
“The second series of MARS considers how a community might be built and sustained on the Red Planet in the 2040s, and what the challenges will be both from a practical and a human standpoint.
“For this forward-thinking project, we’ve predicted what different homes on Mars might actually look like, with options to suit a range of budgets.
“There are plenty of elements to consider, from ensuring an adequate shield to the harsh radiation Mars endures because its atmosphere is so thin, to the need for homely touches reminiscent of Earth.
8 The interior of a mansion on the Red Planet
8 After a hard day of farming in near zero-parents can come home and put their feet up with their kids in this radiation-proof family home
8 A look inside an Martian apartment, designed to tempt young processionals to the space colony
“Ultimately, living on Mars must seem more appealing and psychologically inviting than living on Earth or not enough people will want to make a new life there.
“As we make these predictions now, we can only wonder what designs we will actually adopt as hundreds of thousands of people eventually move to the Red Planet.”
The Mars apartment block features a number of living pods aimed at individuals and couples, with tunnels leading to a central shared garden and work spaces.
It is protected from the sun’s rays by tinted glazing featuring coating technology developed to filter out the radiation and rammed earth walls, designed to protect from the cold as well as cosmic rays.
8 Experts unveiled a floorplan of an average family home on Mars
8 A apartment floorplan shows a cosy one-bedroom pad for colony dwellers
The family home is built within a protective cave, with a driveway leading to an inbuilt garage as well as a conservatory-style veranda made from protective glass that offers a small indoor garden area.
The kind of natural light we would usually get from our windows on Earth is simulated via LEDs and camera systems that can show the outside landscape in real-time to mimic windows, and could even be programmed to provide other vistas.
For example parks, forests, rivers - familiar sights from Earth that our Martian residents might be missing.
The mansion is part of a crater community, offering show stopping vistas across the cavity from three levels.
It boasts a huge living space with private indoor garden and multi-gym that allows for ‘outdoor’ activities such as sports to take place in an artificially-oxygenated environment as well as a car port that can hold multiple vehicles.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
According to the National Geographic research a fifth of Brits predict that it will be possible to move to Mars within their lifetime, and there is a significant appetite to make an interplanetary move.
One in six revealed that with people struggling to get on the housing ladder on Earth, buying property on Mars is looking like a more attractive prospect.
Brits revealed that the opportunity to enjoy a better quality of life, the desire to seek new adventure and the need to flee human dangers on Earth such as war would be the most likely factors to precipitate a move to Mars.
However, almost nine in ten predicted they would miss some aspects about life on Earth, including their pets and even the British weather.
Life on Mars? Nasa reveals five amazing Martian home concepts

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

