Frank Bruno receives honorary doctorate from Bournemouth University for boxing achievements and work with mental health issues
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/7663827/frank-bruno-honorary-doctorate-bournemouth-university-boxing-mental-health/
5th November 2018, 4:04 pm
FRANK BRUNO received an honorary doctorate from Bournemouth University today.
The legendary boxer, 56, said he hopes the award is for his work with mental health issues as well for his success in the boxing ring.
Instagram @rachelbruno_hardy3 The boxing legend shared the proud moment with his huge army of social media followers
Bruno suffered with mental health problems after he retired from boxing, but claimed in July that he has been "medication-free" for three years.
Speaking after he picked up his award, the former WBC heavyweight champion said: "This honour, I would like to think, its not only for my achievements in boxing.
"But also in recognition of the work and the constant battle I'm trying to fight on behalf of the sufferers and carers of sufferers who have experienced this terrible curse of mental health.
"I am honoured more than I can truly express in these few words and I thank the people that put me forward and voted for me to get this honour."
3 The 56-year-old received his award at the Bournemouth International Centre
Professor John Vinney of the Bournemouth University said: "I am always delighted to welcome our Honorary Graduates to our BU community.
"It is great that we can take time each year to recognise people who have excelled in their chosen field and who have worked closely with us already.
"They will act as inspirational role models, both for our graduates and their families at the awards ceremonies.
"And they will continue to enrich our community as they partner with BU in the future too."
WILD PLANS AJ 'to have two fight deal with Wilder in US & UK' as ace cools off in ice bath 'Bum City' Tyson Fury challenges Deontay Wilder to bare knuckle brawl in Times Square 'truly scary' Wilder's power 'should be illegal' as fans call for Anthony Joshua fight HARLEY UNLIKELY Nigel Benn's son Harley stunned by 0-16 unknown on Billy Joe undercard MONEY TALKS Wilder demands staggering £80M to fight Joshua in heavyweight showdown 'bigger than anything'  AJ vs Wilder is biggest fight in heavyweight history says Foreman 'lost the plot' Malignaggi smashes microphone over Lobov's head in heated press conference WEIGHT FOR IT AJ busting gut to flatten flabby outsider Ruiz as fight week countdown starts VideoWHALLOP Watch devastating force of brutal Wilder punch that KOs Breazeale in slow motion BEAUTY OF THE BEAST Meet pint-sized KO machine 'The Monster' who's blitzing world of boxing 
         View this post on Instagram           Looking forward to supporting my dad getting his doctorate today. Proud daughter 💕💕💕 A post shared by  Rachel Bruno-Hardy (@rachelbruno_hardy) on Nov 5, 2018 at 4:02am PST

Bruno added: "Since I retired over 20 years, I have been blessed by the way the British public have continued to hold me in high esteem."
The legendary heavyweight shared images from the ceremony with his 54,900 followers on Instagram.
And Bruno will carry on smiling as he continues to celebrate the birth of his second granddaughter in just 12 weeks.
Getty Images - Getty3 Frank Bruno claimed in July that he has been medication-free for three years
Deontay Wilder reveals huge haul of guns including golden pistol and bazooka ahead of Tyson Fury fight
 
 
 
 

