Queen speaks out about Brexit for the first time at Buckingham Palace state banquet
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7568728/queen-speaks-out-about-brexit-for-the-first-time-at-buckingham-palace-state-banquet/
24th October 2018, 8:14 am
THE QUEEN has spoken out about Brexit for the first time at a Buckingham Palace state banquet to welcome Royals from the Netherlands.
She told Theresa May and other officials present last night that "as we look forward to a new partnership with Europe" the values shared between the two countries are "our greatest assets".
Splash News13 The Queen spoke out about Brexit for the first time last night
The Queen told the Netherlands' head of state: "I recall the state visit of your grandmother Queen Juliana and Prince Bernhard in 1972, when I spoke of how our nations' close understanding and relationship would become increasingly important as a new configuration of Europe was emerging.
"As we look toward a new partnership with Europe, it is our shared values and commitment to each other, that are out greatest asset, and demonstrate that even through change, our enduring alliance remains strong, and as innovators, traders and internationalists we look with confidence to the future."
But earlier in a speech to both Houses of Parliament, King Willem-Alexander had urged the government to "lift the shadow of uncertainty" hanging over citizens after Brexit.
He said at the Palace dinner: "At present, a lot of attention is focused on the 'technical' side of Brexit. That's understandable and necessary."
PA:Press Association13 This the first time the Queen addressed Brexit in a speech
PA:Press Association13 Close allies... The Queen makes a toast to one of her country's best friends
And he also met Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn in private before the state banquet.
In her speech, the Queen also praised the close links between the UK and Holland which "greatly contributes to the economic and cultural life of Britain".
She added: "The Netherlands are one of the United Kingdom's largest European investors. 
"We have a thriving Dutch community, and artistic and sporting exchanges are at an all-time high".
King Willem-Alexander reiterated comments made before about regretting the UK's decision to leave the EU, but he respected the decision of the British people.
He went on to personally praise the Queen, highlighting her now famous appearance in the London 2012 Olympics opening ceremony, describing her as the "most fearless Bond Girl ever" for her cameo role alongside 007 played by Daniel Craig.
King Willem-Alexander also told the Queen and her banquet: "In recent decades, you have seen your country, Europe and the world change enormously.
"The world looks to you as a trusted beacon in the midst of upheaval.
"Your ability to keep in touch with the times is striking."
PA:Press Association13 The 92-year-old Queen of Britain, Northern Ireland and the Commonwealth walked with King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands as they made their way into banquet hall
Reuters13 VIPs Queen Maxima, left, and King Willem-Alexander with hosts Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall
PA:Press Association13 The banquet was also attended by the British Prime Minister Theresa May, seen here with the Duke of Cambridge
The Duchess of Cambridge made a sparkling entrance to a state banquet in Buckingham Palace last night as she wore a tiara made famous by Princess Diana.
Kate, 36, joined husband Prince William, 36, and other senior royals for a spectacular dinner hosted in honour of King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands.
In keeping with regal protocol, female members of both the Dutch and British royal families wore ball gowns and tiaras.
The duchess, who was appearing at her third state banquet, wore a dusty kingfisher blue Alexander McQueen gown - and of course that diamond and pearl Cambridge Lover's Knot tiara favoured by Princess Diana.
PA:Press Association13 The bejewelled Duchess of Cambridge at the banquet last night
Getty - Contributor13 Princess Diana wearing the same tiara in New Zealand in April 1983
Kate has also worn it to the Chinese state banquet in 2015 and the Spanish state banquet last year. 
But it seemed she was "out-blinged" by Queen Maxima who was wearing an incredible diamond Stuart tiara.
In tribute to the close links between the British and Dutch royal families, she perhaps chose to wear this fabulously jewelled ornamental band in tribute to the historical bonds between the neighbouring countries. 
The large stone was originally bought in late 17th century by the British monarch William III, also Netherlands's Prince of Orange, for his wife Queen Mary II.
Reuters13 Queen Maxima wore the wondrous Stuart Tiara which is symbolic of the historical bond between the neighbouring nations
PA:Press Association13 The duchess makes her entrance accompanied by Rear Admiral Ludger Brummelaar of the Netherlands
PA:Press Association13 The Duchess of Cornwall walks with His Excellency Mr Stef Blok
PA:Press Association13 Guests from the world of government and diplomacy listen to Queen Elizabeth II at the banquet
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 
Meanwhile down under, Meghan Markle revealed her maternity wardrobe would be just as stunning as her pre-pregnancy style as she attended a banquet in Fiji. 
Along with Prince Harry, the mum-to-be attended a reception and dinner hosted by the island country's president and opted for a breathtaking full-length gown.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived in Fiji earlier today as part of their 16-day royal tour.
Splash News13 Meghan couldn't stop cradling her baby bump
And 37-year-old Meghan couldn't stop cradling her growing baby bump as the pair attended a Fiji state banquet at the Grand Pacific Hotel.
The Duchess looked beautiful for the event and chose to wear a £1,095 cape dress by London-based designer, Safiyaa.
The blue gown is said to be in tribute to Fiji, whose flag is the same shade of blue.
Meghan Markle holds her growing baby bump as she arrives with Prince Harry for a Fiji state banquet in a stunning blue gown

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


