Phil Neville reveals horrific Instagram messages sent by trolls to England women star Karen Carney ‘wishing she got cancer’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/7524391/phil-neville-karen-carney-vile-abuse-england/
18th October 2018, 12:26 pm
ENGLAND international Karen Carney has been subjected to vile abuse by a social media troll.
The sickening messages sent to the footballer were also shared by her manager Phil Neville on his Instagram account.
Getty Images - Getty5 Karen Carney scored for Chelsea in their Champions League clash against Fiorentina - but was subjected to vile abuse online
Instagram_@kazcarney5 These were the vile messages sent to Chelsea and England star Karen Carney
The first message, sent by social media user "dzo09" on Wednesday read: "How many chances you need to score in second half stupid b******"
This appears to be in relation to Chelsea's Women's Champions League last-16 first leg victory against Fiorentina.
Carney, 31, actually scored from the penalty spot in the eighth minute as the London side secured a 1-0 victory.
The sick troll then wrote: "I wish you cancer and leukemia", followed with: "I hope someone will rape you to death."
Instagram @philipneville185 Phil Neville,Carney's England boss, expressed his shock at the messages sent by the troll
Getty Images - Getty5 Karen Carney is one of England's best ever footballers
In sharing the horrific messages on her Instagram Stories section, Carney, who has been capped 133 times by England, tagged it: "Wow some people..."
Lionesses boss Neville shared the screenshot of the messages on to his Instagram account.
"He wrote: 'A message sent to one of my @lionesses players last night absolutely disgraceful - @instagram are you going to do something about it!!!!!"
Unsurprisingly the vile abuse the football ace received was slammed by social media users.
Most Read In FootballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
Instagram @dzo095 This was the Instagram account from where the messages were sent from
One described it as "absolutely shocking" while another added that the troll was "a disgrace".
Instagram user rfcwilliam_e wrote: "Vile humans Phil no place in society for bullying like this, love watching the @lionesses hope you have every success in the future."
And Emma Corbet wrote: "Absolutely disgusting! wishing something like that on someone is utterly evil."
The person who posted the messages has a private account, with 383 followers.
A spokesperson for Instagram told SunSport: "We do not tolerate threatening or abusive behavior, and the account that sent these messages has been removed from Instagram.
"We encourage anyone who sees content of this kind to report it via our in-app tools and our global team work 24/7 to review and remove anything that violates our Community Guidelines.”

