Pregnant Meghan Markle cradles her baby bump as royal couple visit Bondi Beach before Prince Harry climbs Sydney Harbour Bridge
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/worldnews/7529853/pregnant-meghan-markle-prince-harry-australia-bondi-beach-royal-tour/
18th October 2018, 5:45 am
PRINCE Harry has today climbed the Sydney Harbour Bridge during a jam-packed day with pregnant wife Meghan Markle.
The daring 34-year-old royal grinned as he reached the top of the iconic Australian landmark during their official 16-day tour Down Under. 
PA:Press Association38 Harry and Meghan arrived to cheers and screams at Bondi Beach
Bizarre moment Meghan Markle is handed a bunch of carrots on Bondi Beach
Getty - Contributor38 Mum-to-be Meghan Markle holds her hands to her stomach
The future dad raised the Invictus Game flag on the 440ft high bridge, posing for photos with the sprawling Sydney landscape behind him.
Earlier, the prince headed to Bondi Beach with wife Meghan Markle, who was seen beaming as she cradled her baby bump.
The future mum also revealed how she is finding pregnancy as she chatted to locals on the famous beach - likening the experience to "jet lag".
Charlotte Connell, 35, was at the beach with her son Finn and said the duchess had been suffering from the "double whammy" of jet lag and pregnancy.
Prince Harry climbs Sydney Harbour bridge to raise Invictus Games flag
Reuters38 The Duchess let her hair down after the morning trip to the beach
38 Meghan did not go on the daring walk with her husband
getty38 The couple discussed mental health with the group
Getty38 Prince Harry kept his pregnant wife close
The Mega Agency38 Meghan puts her hand to her baby bump on day four of the royal official 16-day Autumn tour
BGUK38 Prince Harry showed off his adventurous side
Andrew Parsons / i-Images38 The prince made it up the bridge in about half an hour
PA38 The Duke of Sussex hugs a fellow climber during a visit to the Sydney Harbour Bridge
7 News38 Prince Harry climbs the Sydney Harbour Bridge to raise the Invictus Games flag
Getty Images - Getty38 Pregnant Meghan Markle cradles her baby bump as she visit Bondi Beach with Prince Harry
Rex Features38 They met with a local surfing community group raising awareness for mental health and wellbeing on Bondi Beach
Reuters38 Meghan changed dresses for her visit to Macarthur Girls High School in Sydney
Reuters38 The couple watched a performance during their visit to Macarthur Girls High School
Mrs Connell, who is 23 weeks pregnant, said: "Meghan told me that pregnancy was like having jet lag.
"She said she was up at 4.30am this morning doing yoga in her room as she couldn't sleep.
"It's a bit of a double whammy for her, she said, as she has both the baby and jet lag to contend with."
Despite the couple's busy days during the whirlwind tour, Meghan appeared fresh and excited as she and Harry spoke to the surfing community group, OneWave.
38 Prince Harry flying the flag for The Invictus Games at Sydney Harbour Bridge
AP:Associated Press38 Prince Harry met Opposition leader Bill Shorten, along with her wife Chloe
AFP or licensors38 Meghan Markle looked stunning in blue for the meeting
Getty Images - Getty38 Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex met Grant Trebilco and Sam Schumacher, founder and co-founder of OneWave
38 The prince appeared to enjoy having his toes in the sand
2018 Getty Images38 Prince Harry smiles with Meghan by his side, with insiders saying the dad-to-be was the happiest he has ever been
2018 Getty Images38 Prince Harry put his hand protectively close to his wife
Getty Images - Getty38 Harry and Meghan took part in an ‘anti bad vibes circle’
Getty Images - Getty38 Meghan took off her shoes for the trip to the beach
Getty Images - Getty38 Harry was on hand to help out his wife as she took off her shoes
EPA38 Meghan appears to brush away some sand from Harry's ear during their trip to the beach
EPA38 The couple seemed delighted with their reception
The Mega Agency38 The couple wave goodbye with their gifts in hand
PA:Press Association38 Harry will later mark arrival of the Invictus Games after a fun morning at the beach
The group raises awareness around mental health, with the members brightly dressed in Hawaiin leis they shared with with the royal couple.
Discussing the importance around mental health, Meghan revealed she would turn to yoga in the early hours, saying it was "good for healing the mind".
Both Harry and Meghan took off their shoes as they enjoyed 'Fluro Friday' with local surfers where people talk about their experiences of mental health issues.
Harry joked he felt "under-dressed" as the couple were surrounded by the bright shirts.
They sat in 'an anti bad vibes' circle and put their arms round other members of the group.
Mum-to-be Meghan arrived wearing a dress by Aussie designer Martin Grant as they met Grant Trebilco and Sam Schumacher, founder and co-founder of OneWave.
Meghan Markle arrives at MacArthur Girls High school in her second outfit of the day with Prince Harry in Sydney
Getty Images - Getty38 Hundreds of people have packed onto Bondi Beach on a murky day in Sydney as Harry entertained the crowds
Reuters38 The couple seemed to be enjoying themselves after an early start on the beach
7 News38 Harry grimaces as he reaches the top
Getty Images38 Prince Harry could be seen giving the thumbs up
AP:Associated Press38 Prince Harry smiles as the Sydney landscape sprawls behind him
Meghan's sleeveless maxi features red and khaki stripes with a flattering square neckline. And she teamed the pleated style with a pair of £80 black wedge espadrilles by Castaner.
She later changed into a sleeveless navy dress with a pale blue strip by Roksanda for a surprise trip to Macarthur Girls school.
Their visit there had been kept top secret, even from the students, and they were met with screams and cheers on arrival.

The 37-year-old also wore jewellery by one of her favourite brands, a teardrop necklace by Adina Reyter.

The couple watched a yoga session before moving on to meet members of the public including four lifeguards - stars of TV show Bondi Rescue.
The couple were even handed an unusual gift in the shape of a bunch of carrots.
Meghan turned to Harry and said "we've got some veggies!", to which he replied: "Fantastic".
AP:Associated Press38 Gifts have been pouring in for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex during their trip to Australia
PA:Press Association38 Meghan graciously accepts a bunch of carrots as a gift on Bondi Beach
Bizarre moment Meghan Markle is handed a bunch of carrots on Bondi Beach
The Bondi Rescue stars gave Meghan and Harry a lifeguard uniform for the baby.
Lifeguard Jake Nolan, who has previously met Harry on Bondi Beach, said: "He said that he'd met us before - he came by the tower.
"We had a bit of a laugh because last time he was here he was out for a run and he said 'Last time I was a bit sweaty when I met you'.
"We got them a little lifeguard uniform - mini shorts, mini shirt."
Four-year-old Olivia Rose Ryan was one of the last to see the duke and duchess as they left the beach.
The youngster, who had been watching from her grandmother's balcony, held out a hairband to the couple and Harry did a quick U-turn from entering the car to say hello.
Prince Harry accepts a baby headband from a 4-year-old girl as he leaves Bondi Beach with pregnant Meghan Markle 
Getty Images - Getty38 Harry waxes a surfboard during a meet and greet on Bondi Beach
Their last engagements of the day will be meetings with Bill Shorten, leader of the opposition, and Prime Minister Scott Morrison.
Harry and Meghan have already hit the beach in Melbourne and visited farmers in Dubbo as part of their 16-day tour to Australia, New Zealand, Fiji and Tonga.
Lifeguards  yesterday teased pregnant Meghan if she wanted to take a dip in the water as she and husband Prince Harry visited a Melbourne beach.
PA:Press Association38 Members of the group are wearing colourful leis for the session which encourages discussion of mental health issues
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
It was another busy day for the expectant parents, who have so far seen their namesake koalas in Sydney and got a taste of rural life in Dubbo during their 16-day whirlwind tour of Australia.
Meghan is said to have told royal fans she was "running on adrenaline" as the couple fit in 76 engagements in 16 days.
The Duke of Sussex said he and his wife "could not think of a better place to announce the upcoming baby" than Australia.
Lifeguards speak of joking with pregnant Meghan as royal pair meet fans in Melbourne 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

