Daily horoscope for Tuesday September 25 – here’s what the stars have in store for you today
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/horoscopes/7336696/horoscope-tuesday-september-25/
25th September 2018, 12:01 am
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
Delays are finally over, in both emotional and practical terms.
You are sure about the changes you want to make and find the right words, and ways, to make them.
A power-packed moon gives you extra love and attraction.
Luck arrives in surprising ways via a sport that you watch for the first time.
1
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
The full moon draws out a hidden talent and a fascinating aspect of your personality that others rarely see.
What you learn about yourself transforms your love life by freeing you from a narrow view of who is right for you.
Someone who explains the meaning of dreams is a source of luck and love.
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
Being in love is one thing but now you want to build a stronger, supportive relationship.
This leads to a new kind of passion.
Work-wise, despite your achievements there is more for you to do, including seeing some of the world’s most remarkable ­places.
A relative’s words are blunt but their advice is golden.
CANCER
June 22 to July 22
With your leading light the moon in your success chart, this is the perfect moment to decide what your true ambitions are and take the first step towards making them happen.
Single? When moody eyes look into yours neither of you want to look away.
Already involved? Time to add new treats to the menu of love.
LEO
July 23 to August 23
Changing your own thinking so you can adapt to a new situation is the strongest move you can make, both at work and with ­family.
Single? When someone talks about an animal charity, it touches your heart – and they have the looks you can’t resist.
Involved? Talking like you used to do draws you closer.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
No relationship stays the same, but partners can change together and feel more closely connected.
A decision to get fit as a couple is a smart way to start.
If you’re single, Venus matches you with someone whose voice many people recognise.
A hobby could make money now you work on your talent.
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
Your one-to-one chart is on full moon alert and relationships benefit from extra scrutiny.
If you’re involved, take nothing for granted – start a future-proofing exercise but make sure it’s fun.
If you’re single, you meet for the first time and know you’ll marry.
Three generations form a winning team for a game show.
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
You are suddenly ambitious and determined to take on the most demanding project or play your way on to a sports team.
In love, your only problem is choosing – Venus draws you to someone who is so romantic while good-times Jupiter attracts you to a fun-packed candidate.
Make a decision and stick to it.
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
Your love chart is a passion playground as the full moon takes over.
You can put the magic back into a long-term partnership, or romance an intriguing newcomer.
Your creative confidence is ready to be shared.
Being part of a community show is a great way to start and gets you noticed by an influential entertainer.
CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
The foundations of your chart are settling into positive patterns and this is a prime time to ask for different caring or sharing divisions at home.
The more exact you are the better – spell out what you need and why.
Someone you long to see again is there when friends meet. This time there’s a genuine attraction.
AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
Your communication skills are soaring and you keep a conversation going until a decision is reached.
If you’re in love, a call or text is all it takes to dispel doubts.
Single? Seeing someone reading your favourite book is a love sign.
Mind-sharpening Mercury helps you perform well at work and in interviews.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination 
PISCES
February 19 to March 20
The full moon focuses on money and gets it flowing in your direction, but be firm with people who are keen to help you spend it.
Love is excellent value – when you give more, you get more.
Single? With Venus in your truth sector you’ll be attracted to someone who will be so good for you, as well as gorgeous.

