Ellie Gould, 17, died from stab wounds, police reveal as boy, 17, charged with murder
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9014881/schoolgirl-ellie-gould-calne-teenager-boy-charged/
7th May 2019, 1:00 pm
A TEEN boy has today appeared in court charged with the stabbing murder of 17-year-old Ellie Gould.
The teenage girl was found in her family's home in Calne, Wilts, on Friday - with a 17-year-old boy arrested later than afternoon - seven miles away.
SWNS:South West News Service6 Ellie Gould was found dead at the family home on Friday
SWNS:South West News Service6 Forensic experts could be seen at the site after the young girl died
The teen, who cannot be named due to legal reasons, today appeared at Salisbury Magistrates Court in Wilts via video link.
Dressed in a grey sweatshirt, the teen today spoke only to confirm his name, date of birth and nationality.
He was remanded in custody and will appear at Bristol Crown Court on Thursday.
The teen's court appearance comes as Wiltshire Police today confirmed Ellie had died from stab wounds.
The Year 12 pupil at Hardenhuish School, was pronounced dead after emergency services were called to a house in Springfield Drive at 3.15pm on Friday.
Police detained the suspect in the nearby town of Chippenham later that afternoon.
Inspector Don Pocock said: "I would like to again thank the communities of Calne and Chippenham for the support and patience they have shown so far to our officers as they have carried out inquiries as part of this murder investigation.
"A case like this takes time and will understandably have an impact on the local community - so thank you for your help and understanding.
"Over the past few days, people living in Calne and Chippenham would have seen an increased police presence which I appreciate can add more anxiety and upset to what is already a tragic situation.
"However, I want to reassure everyone that the officers and detectives involved have been working hard to carry out their duties as swiftly as possible to minimise the impact on those living and working here.
TRIBUTES FOR ELLIE
"Inevitably there has been a lot of interest and discussion into this case on social media and the like - however, now that a person has been charged and court proceedings have started, please be mindful not to speculate or comment publicly on anything to do with the investigation."
Lisa Percy, head teacher of Hardenhuish School, said: "I would like to thank everyone for all of the messages of support that we have received from past, present and future parents, colleagues and other members of the community.
"We would like to express our thanks to all partner agencies who have supported us too.
"The students, staff and parents have found comfort in being together and paying their respects to Ellie and our thoughts remain with her family and friends at this time."
Most read in newsDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' 'LOVED LIFE' 'Free spirit' student, 21, dies in hotel after 2 bottles of Prosecco & cocaine PARENTS' WORST NIGHTMARE Boy, 4, found dead by his mum after being electrocuted by lamp TILL TOLL Shoppers could soon be charged 1p to use automatic tills 
Forensic teams were still working over the weekend at the £300,000 home she shared with dad Matthew, 50, mum Carole, 48 and brother Ben, 19.
Candles were lit at the village's St Mary's Church, while police continued to stand guard at her school, which previously said in a statement that she was a "talented, popular and much-loved member of our school community".
A concerned neighbour said: "It's very sad, and very unsettling. They [the police] said there's no security risk but I don't know how they can be sure."
SWNS:South West News Service6 A murder probe has been launched into the death of a teenage girl in Calne, Wilts
6 She was found dead in Calne, Wiltshire
SWNS:South West News Service6 The murder happened on this residential street in Calne, Wilts
SWNS:South West News Service6 A boy, 17, has been arrested on suspicion of murder in relation to the death in Calne


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.



