Meghan Markle shows star quality at just 14 with a passionate middle school graduation speech on social change
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/7318081/meghan-markle-star-quality-passionate-middle-school-speech-social-change/
21st September 2018, 7:30 pm
MEGHAN Markle showed star quality at an early age, in this passionate speech from her middle school graduation.
The Duchess of Sussex, 37, embarked on her first solo charity project as a royal this week, with the launch of a cookbook supporting victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
Splash News7 Meghan Markle showed a social conscience from an early age in this never-before-seen video
Splash News7 The clip is from Meghan's middle school graduation, when she made a speech
And, aged just 14, she showed a passion for social change in this never-before-seen speech, as well as a knack for public speaking which has been important during her years as an actress, and now in her royal duties.
The video was recorded at LA's Immaculate Heart Middle School, a Catholic private school for girls, on June 5 1995.
A grinning Meghan can also be seen picking up her diploma during the video, and hugging her middle school teacher.
Speaking with great poise, Meghan begins her speech: "Today we are here to celebrate our graduation, and to share our appreciation for our brief time at Immaculate Heart Middle School.
Splash News7 The future royal discusses topics like compassion towards AIDS sufferers, helping inner city kids and a moral responsibility towards the environment in her eloquent speech
"Two years ago we came here as young girls — a bit frightened and overwhelmed and filled with wonder and anticipation about our new school and what our future would bring.
"Today we are proud and more confident young women on our way to high school."
Meghan also discusses how the school helped her develop a responsibility for the environment - and compassion for those living with AIDS, a cause close to Prince Harry's late mother Diana's heart.
She says: "In science class we observed our fragile environment, and developed a sense of personal responsibility towards our Earth.
"We also learned about and experienced a deep compassion to those who suffer with the AIDS virus."
Splash News7 Meghan also discusses topics like celebrating ethnic differences and religion
Splash News7 Her public speaking skills were clearly honed from an early age
The socially conscious youngster also speaks about helping kids from inner city schools.
She says: "We also learned to be organised and responsible individuals, with an awareness of our moral responsibility to our school and our community, which we demonstrated when we adopted first and second graders from Immaculate Conception, an inner city school."
Despite going to a Catholic school, Meghan's parents Thomas Markle and Doria Ragland raised her Episcopalian.
Meghan was baptised into the Church of England before marrying Harry in May, but credits her spiritual values with her school in the speech.
"We have grown in many ways over these last two years - physically, academically, emotionally and spiritually," she says.
"Faith, hope and respect for God were the topics discussed during religion - to help us develop spirituality in our lives."
PA:Press Association7 Meghan launched her first solo charity project as a royal this week - a cookbook to help victims of the Grenfell Tower fire
AFP or licensors7 Her mother Doria Ragland joined her and Prince Harry in London as the cookbook was launched yesterday
Meghan Markle and her mother Doria Ragland arrive at book launch at Kensington Palace
Feminist Meghan references African-American abolitionist and women's rights activist Sojourner Truth, as well as President Abraham Lincoln and social reformer Frederick Douglas, when speaking of the "courage and determination" shown by historic American individuals.
The mixed-race royal also praises her school for its "cultural days", when pupils could "celebrate and demonstrate our ethnic and cultural differences".
During the speech, Meghan also thanks their parents "for their sacrifice and commitment to our excellent education", as well as the school's founders and staff.
She concludes: "Both the painful and happy times we shared here at Immaculate Heart will always be deeply valued.
"Some of us will go into politics, finance, entertainment, education and many other fields. But no matter what field we choose, we will always carry the spirit of Immaculate Heart with us.
MORE ROYAL NEWSTO NAME A FEW Who does the royal baby Archie share his name with & what does his name mean? 'HAN-SOME BOY! When was royal baby Archie born? All about Meghan and Harry's first child WEDDING BELLS Who is Lady Gabriella Windsor & where was her wedding to Mr Thomas Kingston? ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit gab fab! Lady Gabriella Windsor poses for stunning official wedding pics at Frogmore House PRINCE CHARMING Prince George gives mum Kate's Chelsea Flower Show entry '20 out of 10' 
"And always and forever as women of great heart, dedicate ourselves to making it a better world."
In more royal news, cheeky Harry was caught red-handed ‘stealing’ samosas at Meghan Markle’s Grenfell cookbook launch yesterday.
While Harry is ‘intimidated’ by ‘power couple’ Meghan and mum Doria, body language expert Judi James reveals.
Prince Harry caught red-handed with mystery package after eyeing samosas at Meghan's cookbook launch

