Mum-of-one, 47, died after doctors failed to spot sepsis she caught following surgery to remove BUNION
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7253419/mum-of-one-47-died-after-doctors-failed-to-spot-sepsis-she-caught-following-surgery-to-remove-bunion/
13th September 2018, 7:57 pm
A MUM-of-one died after doctors failed to spot sepsis she caught following surgery to remove a bunion.
Pamela Simmons, 47, was admitted to hospital twice before the deadly condition was diagnosed.
SWNS:South West News Service4 Pamela Simmons, 47, was admitted to hospital twice before the deadly condition was diagnosed
Her devastated husband Barrie said: “Nearly three years on from Pamela's death, it is still hard to believe that she is no longer with us.
"She was always kind and polite to everyone and was happy to help whoever, however she could.
"She didn't deserve what happened.”
Pamela initially underwent a minor operation on her foot but was discharged the same day at Holme Valley Memorial Hospital, West Yorkshire, on December 19 in 2015.
But 11 days later she began to feel unwell and was taken to hospital after collapsing at home.
SWNS:South West News Service4 Pamela's husband Barrie said her death 'devastated' the community
But doctors at Huddersfield Royal Infirmary missed signs of the disease – despite Pamel’s medical notes stating she had suffered three days of an upper respiratory tract - and that it was to be 'treated as sepsis.'
After leaving hospital Pamela’s GP diagnosed her with a possible case of sepsis and advised her to go back to hospital.
An x-ray showed that she was suffering from signs of the illness, but her condition deteriorated and just two days later she died.
Huddersfield NHS Foundation Trust has now admitted a breach of duty and an independent expert said Pamela would likely have survived if she had remained in hospital.
Barrie, who was married to Pamela for eight years, said: "Pamela's death devastated the whole family, and community.
"As a policewoman, she was well-known in the community and was much loved and respected.
"It's so important that its symptoms and signs are spotted quickly, to ensure those suffering are given the correct care as soon as is possible."
SWNS:South West News Service4 After leaving hospital Pamela’s GP diagnosed her with a possible case of sepsis and advised her to go back to hospital
The cause of death was noted as pneumonia on Pamela's death certificate.
However, after intervention from the doctor whose care Pamela was under in the ICU, Barrie was advised that this was not the case and his wife had died as a result of multi-organ failure through sepsis.
Tracy Tai, the medical negligence specialist representing Barrie, said: "The level of care that Pamela received fell way below what patients should expect to receive with devastating consequences.
"Pamela's case is a tragic example of what can happen when undiagnosed infections are left untreated.
"Highlighting the importance and need for a prompt diagnosis of sepsis so appropriate care and treatment can be administered as soon as possible.
SWNS:South West News Service4 Huddersfield NHS Foundation Trust has now admitted a breach of duty
"We work closely with UK Sepsis Trust to raise awareness of the condition and more must be done to educate our doctors so that the signs of sepsis are recognised earlier when the chances of survival are significantly greater."
Calderdale and Huddersfield NHS Foundation Trust's Medical Director, David Birkenhead, said: "We are very sorry that the care our Trust provided for Mrs Simmons fell below the high standard we strive to meet and we would again extend our apologies and condolences to her family.
"As a Trust, we take this very seriously and have shared learning to ensure that this does not happen in the future."
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Dr Ron Daniels BEM, Chief Executive of the UK Sepsis Trust, comments: "Experiences like Pamela's remind us of the devastating effects of sepsis.
"Every year in the UK 250,000 people are affected by sepsis, 44,000 of whom lose their lives to the condition.
"If diagnosed quickly, however, sepsis is easily treatable and we believe that earlier diagnosis and treatment across the UK would save at least 14,000 lives a year."

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




