Daily horoscope for Thursday August 30 – here’s what the stars have in store for you today
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/horoscopes/7129606/daily-horoscope-wednesday-august-29/
30th August 2018, 12:01 am
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
You can get your ambitions heard – not just by other people but also by yourself.
Your fast-thinking creative streak turns the simplest words into a winning formula.
Love honesty that has been tough to achieve can now transform a relationship.
Your strongest source of luck is a Leo who dresses well.
1
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
Keeping a clear head in a choice about a property or home matter is your most pressing task, as others are looking to you to lead.
Trust in your deepest sense of what is right.
Passion is glowing and you have the ability to work with what – and who – you have.
Prizes are linked to America.
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
A strand of cool, calm communication runs through your chart, including great new confidence.
When you are offered a role in a community project that attracts lots of publicity, it is your time to shine – so say a fast yes.
You will be attracted to the most difficult but most wonderful person you have ever met.
CANCER
June 22 to July 22
You can be clear in your mind and sure in your heart about who you value most.
The responses you receive give you so much to look forward to.
Ambitions with a cash element can feel tougher to achieve but you will get there.
As for romance, now you dare to believe in each other, love reveals its sexy strength.
LEO
July 23 to August 23
You are full of purpose and the smart way you plan your day helps you get a lot more done.
With unconventional Pluto in the romantic core of your chart, the people you attract are smart, quirky and sometimes wealthy.
For couples, finishing a repair project at home could lead to a valuable discovery.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
This is your day to focus on all your strong points and resist any move to sum up love, work or study in money terms.
You know their true worth. Changes at work could be good for you.
Single? A smile from a Taurus could launch a romance.
Settled partners focus on future-proofing their relationship.
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
You can feel at home anywhere and with all kinds of people.
But your chart cautions you to save your most charming self for one special encounter.
A very private wish is ready to go public in big style.
Partners share fresh ideas but if you are ready to meet someone new, both “J” and “K” are interested…
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
Career dreams could become reality when you start taking yourself seriously and recognise you have the necessary skills.
This positive attitude attracts opportunities.
In love, simmering feelings overflow and two people are so close again.
Single? New romance starts when you help a pal to plan a wedding.
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
Your imagination is at its most powerful.
At work, you sidestep the slow lane to speed towards a shared team solution.
At home, you mix experience and optimism into a prize proposal.
Meanwhile, romance glows bright and suddenly someone who has been so quiet lately has plenty to say about love and you.
CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
It is time to rethink how power and responsibility are shared out in a group, whether two or 20.
Your way could be a better way and now you will be heard. Make sure your thoughts are organised!
Single? The best place to locate a passionate partner is a fashion store.
Luck pays three visits to door 41.
AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
You can get big points across and win co-operation where it matters.
This could include an unexpected new opportunity to take a place on a sought-after training scheme for you and your closest friend.
Love between partners may have been tested but now you both sense the magic can come back.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination 

PISCES
February 19 to March 20
There is strong value in what you have to offer, at work as well as in your private life.
Clever Mercury is on your side and Venus makes passion promises come real.
Single? It is time to think about falling in love again – and this could draw someone really special.
The luck factor is strong for a talented family team.

