Girlfriend’s horrific injuries as boyfriend ordered to pay just £75 in compensation
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7124715/boyfriend-beat-girlfriend-ordered-pay-compensation/
29th August 2018, 11:16 am
A SAVAGE who battered his girlfriend leaving her drenched in blood has to pay just £75 in compensation.
Robert Jenney, 30, punched, head-butted and threw terrified Louise Reed, 27, around their home after flying into a rage.
Facebook6 Louise Reed was left covered in blood after her ex savagely attacked her
The mum needed her nose glued after the violent assault and only managed to escape when she fled out of a kitchen window at the home in Middlesbrough.
But the brute only received a 12-month community order for two savage attacks on his ex-girlfriend at Teesside Magistrates Court, Teesside Live reports.
Louise has now shared a horror picture of her face covered in blood and battered and bruised as she slammed Jenney's soft sentence.
She said: "The sentenced he received is disgusting, he should have been sent to prison because he could have killed me.
Facebook6 Robert Jenney has been told to pay just £75 compensation to Louise
Facebook6 The brute punched and head-butted the mum in Middlesbrough
"'I suffer from nightmares and have trouble sleeping, I need to move out of my house and have a fresh start with my daughter.
"I am suffering from depression but he is free to get on with his life, it feels like he's been let off."
The G4S administrator revealed in a harrowing post how the "strong independent woman" she always was disappeared when she was confronted by her ex.
She also described the chilling and "unforgettable look of hate and anger" on his face when he violently assaulted her on July 21 and again two weeks later.
Facebook6 The G4S administrator revealed in a harrowing post how the 'strong independent woman' she always was disappeared when she was confronted by her ex
6 Louise has slammed the soft sentence given to Jenney
Brave Louise wrote: "Being punched, thrown about and head butted in the face and being made to feel like a prisoner in my own home having to climb out of the window whilst pouring with blood to run for help is a memory that will stay with me forever.
"Feeling like such an idiot and fool, taken in by what I thought was a kind, sweet, romantic boyfriend who would have done anything for me for then to turn at the slightest argument or disagreement, become controlling, aggressive, unrecognisable.
"I have a three-year-old girl who I now have to pluck up the courage to face and try and explain why Mammy's face is poorly, why I'm covered in bruises, why Mammy isn't her happy self and is quite sad and why Rob won't be coming round any more."
 
Facebook6 Jenney attacked Louise twice
Louise and Jenney had been friends since they were 13 and started to date after meeting by chance at a Middlesbrough FC match last season.
But the relationship soon turned sour and the pair started to argue when Jenney took control of Louise's life and stopped her going out.
The rows became violent on July 21 when Jenney attacked the mum but she decided to give him a second chance until he battered her again two weeks later.
Louise's emotional statement in full
Would just like to apologise in advance to my friends/family as well as Robert Jenney's friends/family as this isn't an easy thing to read. Would also like to apologise to my neighbours for the disturbance last night. If they've done it once, the likeliness is, they will do it again.
I just wish I hadn't gave him the benefit of the doubt and let him worm his way back in. I wish I had listened and taken the advice given to me, but no, I thought I could help him deal with his demons in order to make him a better person.
I know I'm not perfect, far from it. My depression/anxiety has been the worst it ever has been these last couple of months and I've been a very difficult person to be around but I know I didn't deserve this.
Not when all I've done is be there for him, support him in any way possible, be there for him if/when he needed to talk to someone, encouraged him to open up and speak about what he felt and actually took time to make an appointment so he was able to get help for his anger, stood by him when everyone was telling me to walk away, falling out with friends, family, because I refused to believe he was this monster they thought he was.
For what? It's all just been thrown back in my face...literally. For anyone who knows me knows I'm a fiery person, someone who stands up for themselves but when your faced with the person you thought you had a future with charging towards you with what I can only describe as an unforgettable look of hate and anger on their face, that strong independent woman disappears.
Being punched, thrown about and head butted in the face and being made to feel like a prisoner in my own home having to climb out of the window whilst pouring with blood to run for help is a memory that will stay with me forever.
Feeling like such a f***ing idiot and fool taken in by what I thought was a kind, sweet, romantic boyfriend who would have done anything for me for then to turn at the slightest argument/disagreement, become controlling, aggressive, unrecognizable.
This isn't the man I met when I was 13 years old. I don't know this person anymore and I'm starting to question wether I actually did... Thing is with these type of people, they have a certain way of making you believe it's your fault, that you've started the argument, that you've pushed them to do what they've done.
They manipulate you into thinking it's all in your head and you're the problem when I'm actual fact, it's all mind games to break you down.
I'm sorry if this post has upset/offended anyone because a lot of people haven't seen this side of him, and if someone told me any of this I don't think I'd have believed it myself but from what I've been told by numerous people - a lot of people have witnessed this side of him and that scares me.
Before anyone starts saying I've put this post on for attention - no, I really haven't. I've put this post on because I don't want this happening to anyone else.
I have a three year old girl who I now have to pluck up the courage to face and try and explain why Mammy's face is poorly, why I'm covered in bruises, why Mammy isn't her happy self and is quite sad and why Rob won't be coming round anymore. You don't do this to someone you love.

MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Louise said: "He attacked me and left me unconscious. I woke up to see him sitting rolling a cigarette, there was blood everywhere."
Jenney will now have to do ten days of rehabilitation activity and was slapped with a 12 month restraining order.
He was also ordered to pay £75 compensation to her and £165 court costs.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




