John Smith’s Pub Competition Terms & Conditions
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/competitions/7089863/john-smiths-pub-competition-terms-conditions/

24th August 2018,
8:44 am


JOHN SMITH PUB TEAM OF THE YEAR (THE “COMPETITION”) ONLINE RULES:
 
By entering the Competition, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (these Terms and Conditions).  Completion and submission of an entry form or e-mail will also be deemed acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.  Promotional materials relating to the Competition, including all information on how to enter the Competition published in publications of the Promoter (including social media if applicable) or on the Promoter’s websites, also apply to this Competition.  In the event of any conflict between any terms referred to in such promotional materials and these Terms and Conditions, these Terms and Conditions take precedence.
Participation in the Competition

Residents of the UK aged 18 or over only, except employees and agents of the Promoter, News Corp UK & Ireland Limited, Heineken UK Limited, Star Pubs & Bars Limited and anyone otherwise connected with the operation or fulfilment of the Competition (including third party promotional partners) and their respective associated, affiliated or subsidiary companies, and the immediate families and household members of all such employees and agents.
The Competition starts at 00:01 am (UK time) on 20 August 2018 and closes at 23:59 pm (UK time) on 15 October 2018 (the Competition Period). Any entries received outside the Competition Period will be void.
The Promoter will only accept a maximum of one entry per pub team. Bulk, automatically generated or third party entries are void. The pubs entered must be John Smith’s stockists.

To enter you must submit the entry form available at https://thesun.co.uk/johnsmiths during the Competition Period only, providing the following details:



(i) Name
(ii) DOB
(iii) Contact Number
(iv) Email address
(v) Name of pub
(vi) Address and postcode of pub

To enter you must also answer the following questions on the entry form.

(i) What makes your pub and its team the best in the country?
(ii) Add a photo/video that tells us why your pub and its team are extra special.
(iii) Why should the pub and its team win the cash prize for being ‘Only Ordinary by Name’?
 

Entries to the Competition must be the original work of the author and not previously published. Entries which are or in the Promoter’s reasonable opinion appear to be plagiarised will be disqualified. Participants represent and warrant that:

i. they have obtained all rights, licences, and permissions necessary, in writing, from any person who may have helped create and/or be featured in their entry; and
ii. that their entry to the Competition (including any text and photographs):

does not contain or feature any personal information about any person (including their name, contact details, a photograph of them and/or any other identifying information) without that person’s consent (proof of which must be provided to the Promoter upon request);
does not contain any content that is defamatory, libellous, racist, homophobic, derogatory, pornographic, obscene, sexist, illegal, and/or otherwise inappropriate;
does not include trade marks, logos, or copyright protected material which belongs to third parties without permission (including company names, music, photographs, motion picture or television programme clips or audio tracks, works of art, or images published on or in websites, television, movies, or other media);
is not subject to any third party agreements and the Promoter will not be required to pay any sums to any third party as a result of the Promoter’s use (as set out in these Terms and Conditions) or the exploitation by the Promoter of the idea, video or other rights contained in any entry; and
does not contain any known virus, trojan horse, worm, trapdoor or similar software that may in any way infect or affect any of the Promoter’s hardware or software systems.
The Promoter reserves the right to remove or temporarily suspend from the Competition any entries submitted if, in its reasonable opinion, it suspects any breach of these Terms and Conditions or if it receives any complaint from a third party relating to such entry.
Entries received which are not submitted via the official entry method will not be accepted. Use of script, macro or any automated system to enter the Competition is prohibited and entries made (or which appear to have been made) using any such system may be treated as void.  Any illegible, incomplete or fraudulent entries will be rejected. Participants should be aware that they may be subject to data charges depending on their own individual arrangements for Internet access if they enter the Competition online or by email.

Winners and Prizes
9.     There will be 1 winning pub team, and one prize per winner, in each of the following three categories (together the “Winners”):
i. The winning pub team will receive £2,000 (Two Thousand Pounds)
ii. The landlord / lady of the winning pub will win £5000 (Five Thousand Pounds). The winning pub will be the pub to which the winning pub team is associated.
iii. A winning entrant will win £250 (Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds). The winning entrant will be selected at random and separately from the winning pub team and landlord/lady.
 
10. The winning pub and pub team will be the team whose answers to the questions in paragraph 5 achieve the highest overall score. The answers will be given a score (with 10 being the highest and 1 being the lowest score) against the below criteria, with the total score being out of 50. The winning pub team will be the team with the highest overall score.
i.       Is the pub and pub team unique?
ii.      Story detail of pub and pub team
iii.      How interesting is the story?
iv.      Does your landlord go above and beyond to support the pub and its team?
v.     How much does the pub  and pub team contribute to the pub and wider community?
11. The winning pub team will be selected by a panel of judges including at least one independent member). The decision of the judges shall be final. Where two or more teams have the same highest score, the winning pub team will be decided by the panel of judges.
12. The winning entrant of the £250 prize will be selected at random from all valid entries for this Competition received during the Competition Period.
13. Payment will be made by cheque. The Winners are responsible for ensuring that they have an account available to deposit the funds and for any administrative fees or other charges imposed by their nominated bank. The prize for the winning pub team will be payable to the participant who enters on behalf of the team.
14. Prizes are as stated and are non-exchangeable and non-transferable.  There is no cash or other alternative to the prize in whole or in part.
15. Winners are responsible for paying all associated costs that are not specifically stated in any Promotional materials or these Terms and Conditions, including (where applicable) transport, accommodation, meal costs, spending money, insurance and all other incidentals.  Winners are also personally responsible for any personal or incidental expenses and any VAT, national and/or local tax liabilities incurred in claiming or using the prize.  By participating in the Competition, participants agree that the prize is awarded on an “as is” basis, and that neither the Promoter nor any of its subsidiary or affiliated companies, make any representations or warranties of any nature with respect to the prize.
16. In the event that, for reasons beyond the Promoter’s reasonable control the Promoter is unable to award the prize as described in these Terms and Conditions, the Promoter reserves the right to award a prize of a similar nature and an equivalent value, or at its sole discretion, the cash value of the prize.  The Promoter also reserves the right to award a prize of a similar nature and an equivalent value, or at its sole discretion, the cash value of the prize if in its reasonable discretion it is appropriate to do so.
Winner Announcement and claiming of prize
17. The Winners will be notified by phone or using the other contact details provided to the Promoter by 19 October 2018. All reasonable endeavours will be made to contact the winner during the specified time.  If Winners cannot be contacted or is not available, the Promoter reserves the right to re-draw another winner from the valid/correct entries that were received during the Competition Period. Winners may be required to submit valid identification before receiving their prize.
18. Winners will be required to confirm acceptance of the applicable prize by 22 October 2018. If a Winner has not claimed their prize by the date specified or the winner refuses or is unable to provide an eligible postal address for receipt of their prize, the Promoter reserves the right to award the prize to another participant.
19. The prize will be delivered within a reasonable time and by no later than 28 days after the prize has been accepted.
20. For a list of Winners (name and general location) please send a stamped self-addressed envelope by no later than 28 days after the end of the Competition Period to News UK, Promotions Department, 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF stating for which Competition you would like winners’ details.
Data Protection and Publicity
21. The Promoter will collect and process participants’ personal information and it will be shared with the Promoter’s agents, affiliates and, if applicable, any third party prize provider (including those outside the European Economic Area). Information provided by participants will only be used for the purpose of conducting this Competition (including for prizes to be delivered) and other purposes as may be specified at the time of entry or on promotional materials. Personal information will be used in accordance with the applicable privacy policy in place from time to time (see http://www.newsprivacy.co.uk/single/).
22. Participants’ names and general locations will be published or made publicly available if they are the winner of the Competition in accordance with regulatory requirements. In such circumstances, the Promoter may also make free use of this information and the participants’ photographs for publicity and news purposes, with the participants’ consent, both during this and future promotions by the Promoter or any associated or subsidiary company of News Corp UK & Ireland Limited. This includes making their name available on the Promoter’s websites and social media platforms. Only entrants who are and look over 25 will have their images or video used in publicity.
Intellectual Property
23. Participants will retain copyright in their submitted entries to the Competition, however, by entering, all participants grant the Promoter a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual licence to edit, publish and use each Competition entry in any and all media (including print and online) for publicity and news purposes. Participants represent and warrant that they have all rights necessary to grant the rights provided for in this paragraph 21, and that all materials forming part of their entry to the Competition, and any use of such materials by or on behalf of the Promoter, comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations and do not infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property or other rights of any third party, including privacy rights.
General
24. The Promoter’s decision is final and binding on the participants. No correspondence will be entered into.
25. If participants do not provide any of the mandatory information requested when participating in the Competition, their entry will be void.
26. The Promoter reserves the right to require the participants to prove that they are eligible. If a winner is found to be ineligible, the Promoter reserves the right to award their prize to another participant and to require the return of any prize already awarded.
27. The provision of the prize does not imply endorsement by the Promoter of any third parties concerned in any way with the Competition.
28. Unless otherwise stated in the promotional materials, this Competition is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, the manufacturer or service provider of the relevant prize. You are providing your information to the Promoter and not to the manufacturer or service provider of the relevant prize (although, if you win, your details may be disclosed to the prize provider in order to provide you with the prize).
29. Participants must not do anything illegal and/or dangerous and/or that would put themselves or others at any risk.  Save where it has been negligent, the Promoter will not be responsible for any damage, loss or injury resulting from participants’ entry into the Competition or their acceptance and/or use of the prize, or for technical, hardware or software failures, lost, faulty or unavailable network connections or difficulties of any kind that may limit or prohibit participant’s ability to participate in the Competition.  The Promoter will not be responsible for any lost, damaged, defaced, incomplete, illegible or otherwise unreadable entries.  Proof of posting is not proof of receipt by the Promoter of any entries.  Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall in any way limit the Promoter’s liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence or for any other matter where liability may not be limited as a matter of law.
30. The Promoter reserves the right at any time to cancel, modify or supersede the Competition (including altering prizes) if, in its sole discretion, the Competition is not capable of being conducted as specified. In the event of a printing or other error resulting in there being more winners than prizes for the Competition, the Promoter reserves the right to (a) declare as void any claims or entries resulting from such printing or other error; and/or (b) allocate the available prize(s) through a further draw or to divide the prize(s) or the value of the prize(s) between the winners of the Competition.
31. Any participant who enters or attempts to enter the Competition in a manner, which in the Promoter’s reasonable opinion is contrary to these Terms and Conditions or by its nature is unjust to other participants (including tampering with the operation of the Competition, cheating, hacking, deception or any other unfair playing practices such as intending to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other participants or the Promoter and/or any of its agents or representatives) may be rejected from the Competition at the Promoter’s sole discretion. Furthermore, where such actions have significantly impaired the Competition, the Promoter may, at its sole discretion, add further stages to the Competition as it deems reasonably necessary in order to resolve any problems arising from such actions.
32. The Promoter reserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions. Any amendments will be published on the Promoter’s website (the Website).
33. If you are a resident of the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland then these Terms and Conditions are governed by English law and the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any dispute or claim arising in association with the Competition or these Terms and Conditions (except if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland). If you are a resident of Ireland then these Terms and Conditions are governed by Irish law and the Irish courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any dispute or claim arising in association with the Competition or these Terms and Conditions.
34. The promoter of this Competition is News Group Newspapers Ltd (publisher of The Sun and The Sun on Sunday) of 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF (the Promoter).
 

