Calling Michelle Obama a man and saying Hillary Clinton ran a ‘paedo ring’…  Alex Jones is the most controversial man you’ve probably never heard of
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7037499/alex-jones-controversial/
17th August 2018, 4:42 pm
ALEX Jones might be America's most controversial man - and he's definitely the angriest.
The popular alt-right radio host - who has 90 million listeners - spends his days hunched over a mic, ranting until he's red in the face about the Illuminati, how 9/11 was 'faked by the government', and how Michelle Obama is 'really a man'.
YouTube11 Conspiracy theorist Alex Jones rants about politics and society as part of a show on Infowars
But the controversial star - who has been kicked off all his social media platforms for his offensive remarks - had his popular radio station shut down this week after the authorities realised he was operating a pirate station.
Campaigners have been trying to silence the loud-mouthed presenter for years - protesting that his controversial statements and conspiracy theories are damaging to American society.
Clinton was a frequent subject of Jones' outbursts during the election campaign - the shock jock called her a 'demon' a proclaimed that a segment where she opened a stiff pickle jar on US chat show Jimmy Kimmel was fixed as she wasn't strong enough to do it.
He's also been accused of racism after claiming that Michelle Obama is really a man, and was forced to apologise after spreading the false claim that Hillary Clinton was running a paedophile ring out of a pizza restaurant.
These wacky conspiracies are a few of Jones' staple subjects, but his radio show, which attracts millions of listeners and is watched by more on his website, has been known to veer into even stranger - and darker - territory.
YouTube11 Jones, posing here with an assault rifle, frequently descends into screaming meltdowns on air
For many, Jones' most controversial belief is that the 2012 Sandy Hook school shooting, in which 20 children died, was staged by the Obama government to use as an excuse for gun controls.
He is now being sued by some of the murdered schoolchildren's heartbroken families for defamation.
Reuters11 Alex Jones is currently being sued for defamation after his claims about the Sandy Hook shooting
'They're turning the frogs gay'
Another widely-criticised theory Jones peddles is that the US government has successfully developed a "gay bomb" which has been used to contaminate American wildlife.
"I don't like them putting chemicals in the water that turn the friggin' frogs gay," the 44-year-old shouts in a widely-mocked clip from one of his shows, without offering any proof or explanation for the claims.
Many may think that Jones is just another tin-foil crackpot screaming into the void, but his website, Infowars, is viewed by an estimated audience of 10 million people.
New York magazine, meanwhile, describes him as "America's leading conspiracy theorist", and he has been credited with being one of the most high-profile supporters of the alt-right - the loose political movement associated in part with white-supremacy and extremism.
YouTube11 In a segment on his show, Jones crafts his own hat out of tin foil in a nod to the trope that it protects from harmful particles
Understandably, Jones' controversial beliefs have landed him in a fair amount of trouble.
Accused of spreading fake news and sharing malicious lies, Jones has recently received a flurry of suspensions from Facebook and Instagram.
Meanwhile, on YouTube, where Jones had 2.4 million subscribers, his Infowars videos have been removed for violating their terms of service - and the same has happened on Vimeo.
His podcasts on iTunes and Spotify have also been removed and, this week, Twitter joined the fray - blocking Jones from posting anything for seven days as a punishment for abusive behaviour.
AFP or licensors11 Jones has found himself banned from almost every social media platform as part of a recent clampdown on his shocking rants
A screaming face-off with Piers Morgan
No matter who tries to shut him down, the larger-than-life shock jock will not be silenced, and some are concerned that censoring Jones will only give legitimacy to his conspiracy beliefs.
His show, filmed in a studio in Austin, is still available on his site, and clips can be seen all over the web - along with spoofs and compilations which highlight his most ludicrous outbursts.
As he rants about news and politics, Jones frequently gets himself worked up into such a frenzy that he turns red, and is often left panting for breath after his emotive tirades are finished.
And there's one subject which is guaranteed to get Jones worked up like nothing else: guns.
YouTube11 Alex Jones tried to get Piers Morgan deported with a petition after he spoke out in favour of gun control
Jones, who is rumoured to own an arsenal of over 50 firearms, went viral after clashing with Piers Morgan back when he hosted a TV show for CNN.
Jones was invited to chat with Piers after he tried to get him deported for his anti-gun stance, and even got 100,000 of his followers to sign a petition demanding Piers be sent back to the UK.
But when the pair faced off, Jones launched into a screaming tirade in defence of gun ownership which was mockingly shared around the world.
Alex Jones rages at Piers Morgan about guns after trying to get him deported
Support from Donald Trump
Piers may not have hit it off with the alt-right icon, but Donald Trump did.
When he appeared Jones' show in December 2015, Trump heaped praise on him - saying he has an "amazing reputation" - and after he was elected, Trump reportedly called Jones to thank him for his support.
YouTube11 Trump appeared on Alex Jones' show in 2015 and allegedly thanked him for his support after the election
Like many conspiracy theorists, Jones believes that the moon landings were faked (supposedly to hide secret Nasa technology) and that the government was really behind 9/11.
He also believes that an Illuminati-style elite are trying to establish a "New World Order" where normal people like him and his listeners will be enslaved and eventually eradicated by the state.
Even Lady Gaga has found herself a subject of one of Jones' rants, after the radio host claimed her 2017 Superbowl half-time performance was "satanic".
"She wears meat suits and does all these rituals—Madonna does it too—and the organisers of the Super Bowl are deciding to defile America and have us bow down to this," he said.
Lady Gaga wows the audience at Super Bowl 51 during the halftime show
Conspiracy theorist and 'brain pill' salesman
Alex Jones' current fame, largely among Trump supporters and members of the alt-right, is a far cry from his decidedly normal background.
He grew up in Dallas, and his father worked as a dentist, while his mother was a housewife.
As a teenager, Jones was a keen football player, but his interests turned to politics after he got into reading right-wing and conspiracy books.
He dropped out of Austin Community College after just a few weeks and started working on radio and TV shows, eventually landing his own spot on Texan station KJFK.
YouTube11 Jones sells a range of supplements and nutrients on his website, using his show to plug the products
Jones built himself into a bit of a radio and TV personalty, and his shows achieved cult status among conspiracy theory communities.
As he became better known, Jones started turning up, uninvited, at political conferences and public events, building up a network of fans throughout America.
In 2007, one of these stunts ended in Jones being arrested for using a megaphone without a permit, but his cult status just kept on growing. Today, he says he has around 90 million regular listeners across all platforms.
YouTube11 Jones' semi-hysterical rants have amassed millions of views all over the web
Most of Jones' estimated £4 million net worth doesn't come from podcast downloads and YouTube clicks, though.
Instead, two thirds of his income is thought to be a result of the Infowars store hosted on his website.
Here, apocalypse-fearing fans can stock up on end-of-the-world essentials ranging from £550 body armour to toothbrushes, herbal body wash and diet supplements.
Fans can also buy anti-radiation tablets (£15) , pistol holsters (£50), armoured rucksacks (£400) and Jones' own "Patriot Blend, Wake Up America" organic coffee beans (£14 a bag).
He also sells "Brain Force Plus" pills - widely-mocked tablets which, Jones claims, will make you smarter and help you win "the war for your mind".
AP:Associated Press11 The shock jock is thought to have a net worth of around £4 million
11 Jones' son, Rex, has appeared on Infowars alongside him
Most read in newsDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
At the moment, with many of Jones' social media outlets suspended, the future of America's most controversial man looks uncertain.
He is currently working on a book about his beliefs, The Secret History of the Modern World & the War for the Future, and is still broadcasting on Infowars.
But many observers will be wondering whether the only war Alex Jones is really fighting might be a struggle against reality.

