Prince Harry just went on a secret trip without wife Meghan Markle
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/7003089/prince-harry-botswana-secret-trip-without-meghan-markle/
13th August 2018, 11:30 am
THE Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been virtually inseparable since they tied the knot in May.
But Prince Harry jetted off on a secret trip to Botswana last week, leaving Meghan Markle behind in the UK.
Hollandse Hoogte7 Prince Harry is said to have jetted to Botswana for a private trip last week
Although the country has special meaning for the couple, Prince Harry spent solo time meeting senior staff and workers from the organisation Rhino Conservation Botswana, of which he is a patron.
Kensington Palace spokeswoman confirmed: "The Duke of Sussex is on a private working trip to Botswana, to join the annual general meeting for Rhino Conservation Botswana in his capacity as patron.
“He attended the board meeting in Maun and an RCB community project in Xarakao village."
According to Royal correspondent Omid Scobie, this is the second time Prince Harry has visited Botswana this year to care for the animals.
Press Association Images7 He visited the Rhino Conservation Botswana, of which he is a patron. Pictured during a previous trip
Prince Harry spent solo time meeting senior staff and workers. Pictured during his 2017 visit
Handout - Getty7 This is thought to be the second time Prince Harry has visited Botswana this year to care for the animals. Pictured during his 2017 visit
The South African organisation works to help protect and increase the populations of black and white rhinos.
It is thought that Prince Harry attended a meeting on Wednesday before touring round the project in the village. He is now believed to be back in the UK.
Speaking to Town and Country in 2015, Prince Harry explained what he does during his African visits.
He said: "I don't go on safari. I come so I can surround myself with people [working in conservation] and support them."
Supplied7 Harry flew to Africa without his new wife Meghan
Great to see Prince Harry back in Maun, Botswana, in his role as patron of @RhinosBotswana (second time this year).Earlier this week Harry was with RCB director Map Ives in the Okavango Delta, where in 2016 he helped fit tracking devices to relocated endangered black rhinos🦏 pic.twitter.com/d5XszGcjSX— Omid Scobie (@scobie) August 10, 2018


Botswana holds meaning for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, as they jetted off to the country for a romantic African holiday on her 36th birthday last September.
For Meghan's first ever safari, the pair stayed in a luxurious tented bush camp at Meno a Kwena boasting incredible views over the Boteti River and African bush.
“I fell in love in a tent in Africa,” Harry told his close friends.
Kensington Palace confirm  “The #DukeofSussex is on a private working trip to Botswana to join the Annual General Meeting for Rhino Conservation Botswana in his capacity as Patron He attended the Board meeting in Maun & an RCB community project in Xarakao village." #PrinceHarry pic.twitter.com/zhPTNlcLbD— Carolyn Durand (@CarolynDurand) August 10, 2018


He reminisced to BBC: “We camped out with each other under the stars.
"She came and joined me for five days out there, which was absolutely fantastic. So then we were really by ourselves, which was crucial to me to make sure that we had a chance to know each other.”
The trip even meant so much that Harry sourced the diamond in Meghan's engagement ring from Botswana - the world's biggest producer.
Louis Wood - The Sun7 The pair were snapped looking loved up in 2017 as they crossed the tarmac at Maun airport after jetting in to Botswana
7 Last year, Prince Harry said he 'fell in love' with Meghan in Botswana at Meno a Kwena tented camp
7 The camp boasts incredible views over the Boteti River and African bush
As well as Meghan's birthday, the trip also marked the couple's first anniversary.
Botswana, a country of around two million spread over an area the size of France, has always been important to Harry.
He first visited when he was 13, two months after his mother Princess Diana died, and he has returned several times for leisure and charity work.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination 
We also shared inside Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s £22m Sydney mansion for the Invictus Games.
Meanwhile, is this why Meghan Markle is waiting to have a baby with Prince Harry?
In more royal news, Meghan could receive THIS secret travel item from the Royal Family for her future trips.
The six things Meghan Markle WON’T be allowed to do on her birthday (including eating cake before the Queen)
 

