Daily horoscope for Thursday August 9 – here’s what the stars have in store for you today
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/horoscopes/6971922/daily-horoscope-today-thursday-august-9-2018-star-sign/
9th August 2018, 12:00 am
ARIES
March 21 - April 20
As Venus goes deeper into your marriage zone suddenly a long-term attachment seems so desirable.
If you’re with someone, the minor niggles will no longer get to you and all you see is how happy you could be.
Still looking? Your future marriage mate could be looking back at you when you open a restaurant door.
1
TAURUS
April 21 - May 21
Your challenge is to be strong-minded.
First, identify the kind of work you enjoy or have always wanted to try, then show you won’t be put off by other people’s sceptical reactions and are ready to take the next crucial step.
Your job chart is hot and you can become super-successful.
You are also a winner in love.
GEMINI
May 22 - June 21
Romance is the keyword so try out those flirty ways and words and see where they take you.
Venus adds a layer of excitement and fun to love, however long it has lasted.
A strong Mars ­connection to your sign makes you ready to get to grips with all that’s new at work.
Your best source of luck is a fun Leo relative.
CANCER
June 22 - July 22
Family harmony may seem far away but you can help it happen by using the persuasive power of Venus to draw a line under recent bickering.
The moon and Pluto, on opposite sides of the zodiac, set up a choice between a peaceful, sincere love and one that is strong on rows but also on reconciliations.
LEO
July 23 - August 23
Venus helps you to be calm and clear in a love conversation, plus you are excellent at seeing and seizing chances in romance.
Trust in your own heart and judgment.
The sun and moon supply the energy and creativity that help you add magic to a group event.
Someone you are fond of wins a prize for you.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 - September 22
Someone you have admired from a distance, maybe online or when a group work on a community project, is suddenly up close and interested.
If you’ve been dreaming of a new start for a partnership take that subtle first step today.
Work ambitions are Mars-powered and impatient, but they are very practical, too.
LIBRA
September 23 - October 23
A maximum helping of Venus in your sign dispels all doubts.
If you’re attached, seeing solutions rather than problems is now so easy.
Single? Focus on who you really want and remember second-best situations don’t suit you.
The revival of ambition and an opportunity to use it are linked to a co-worker’s return.
SCORPIO
October 24 - November 22
You think feelings are hidden when in fact they are easy to see and to read.
Open up to new love and Venus will help make it your best yet.
Mars can make you quick-tempered in a family or group setting.
Already in love? The small gestures of affection really do matter.
Luck for relatives is linked to a holiday home.
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 - December 21
Venus brings out your skill for getting along with people while outspoken Mars helps you stay strong when you need to be.
If you are single, your next relationship is a significant one – so resist rushing headlong into things.
Settled partners don’t just chat but are ready to talk about things that really matter.
CAPRICORN
December 22 - January 20
Venus at the top of your chart means rich times ahead, both in romance and in your personal success story.
Whatever you need will come your way though you may not always recognise it at first.
Think through all options, not just obvious ones.
Single? A smile where cash prizes are given out could launch a romance.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination 
AQUARIUS
January 21 - February 18
Clever Mercury merges with the sun, inspiring many original ways to make yourself stand out.
Writing or talking about your views on life will entertain readers or a large audience.
Venus stirs adventure for you on an emotional level and love shows its special strength.
Plans may sound simple but mean so much.
PISCES
February 19 - March 20
Thanks to Venus, putting personal changes in motion will set the scene for a rewarding day.
If you’re in love, this can be as simple as asking for more time.
If you’re single, ruling out romance that asks too much of you is step one.
Secrets are shared that make the family proud.
Luck calls at door 56 three times.

