Oldham council boss says Farage ‘spent the whole time in the pub’ when he visited town after Brexiteer sparks race row
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8962777/nigel-farage-oldham-race-divided-backlash/
29th April 2019, 12:13 pm
NIGEL Farage has sparked a furious backlash after claiming Oldham is split along racial lines.
The Brexit Party leader insisted the northern town has streets where one side is all white and the other is entirely black in a US speech.
3 Nigel Farage has been blasted by Oldham politicians
Local grandees have hit back - accusing the Brexiteer of "scaremongering" and claiming he spent the whole time in the pub when he visited Oldham.
One MP blasted: "Oldham is not defined by Farage, or anyone else looking to stoke up tensions and create division."
The head of the council added: "By all accounts, when he came to Oldham all he did was go to the pub."
Oldham has a long history of uneasy race relations, with racially motivated rioting hitting the town in 2001.
Speaking at a university in the US last week, Mr Farage said: "Let me take you to a town called Oldham in the North of England where literally on one side of the street everybody is white and on the other side of the street everybody is black.
"The twain never actually meet, there is no assimilation. These, folks, are divided societies in which resentments build and grow."
He also claimed there are areas of the town where no residents speak English.
Oldham is not defined by FarageJim McMahonOldham MP
Council leader Sean Fielding blasted: "Not pretending there isn’t more to do around integration in Oldham.
"But you can’t allow people to get away with making broad, ill-informed statements about the town when they’ve never actually visited it other than an in and out drop-in to a pub four years ago."
Oldham West MP Jim McMahon added: "Oldham is not defined by Farage, or anyone else looking to stoke up tensions and create division. We are bound together by a shared future."
And Debbie Abrahams, the MP for Oldham East, said: "It is disappointing but not surprising given Nigel Farage's previous form that he is continuing to try and divide communities from his removed, arrogant and privileged position."
Nazir Afzal, a leading lawyer and campaigner, stormed: "I know Oldham very well and this is dangerous scaremongering again from Farage.
"All towns have their problems, but none are improved by him stoking racial tension."
Oldham was 77.5 per cent white and 18.1 per cent Asian at the time of the most recent national census, eight years ago.
3 This map shows the distribution of the Pakistani-origin population in Oldham - showing some areas highly racially segregated
The population was 17.7 per cent Muslim, compared to just 5 per cent for the UK as a whole.
Stats showed that different ethnic groups were unevenly distributed across the town - the ward of Werneth is two-thirds Asian, while Royton North is 97.4 per cent white.
The local council warned that the area sees "extremely high levels of ethnic segregation" in an official document published three years ago.
And Ted Cantle, who led a report into the cause of the 2001 race riots, said in 2017 that segregation remains a massive problem.
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 
He told the Observer: "Those areas are still there - white communities on one side and Muslim on the other - and with all the pressure over the years on Muslim communities there has been a sense that they have gone further in on themselves."
The Office for National Statistics named Oldham the most deprived town in England in 2016.
Mr Farage is on course to come top in next month's European elections with his new Brexit Party.
Alamy3 The top Brexiteer claimed Oldham is totally divided
What is Nigel Farage's Brexit Party?

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online politics team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours


