Amber Rose shows off her new purple hairdo on a night out in Hollywood
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6908154/amber-rose-new-purple-hair-hollywood/
31st July 2018, 4:54 pm
AMBER Rose showed off her new purple hairdo on a night out in Hollywood last night.
The former stripper, 34, debuted her latest look as she arrived at the Ace Of Diamonds club in West Hollywood.
The Mega Agency6 Amber wore a black dress that shows off her curvy figure as she stepped out in Hollywood last night
Rose wore a black dress which shows off her curvy figure, and some very high heels.
Amber recently shared a video of herself twerking to classical music in a bizarre promotion for her new app.
She posted a clip showing her wearing a thong and fishnets while on all fours, as a violinist plays in the background.
The musician, who is wearing a tuxedo, continues playing while the mum-of-one shows off her raunchy dance moves to promote her new app.
The Mega Agency6 She proudly showed off her new 'do
Instagram6 Amber Rose twerked to classical music
Most read in TV and showbizExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary Van Goth Inside Vanessa Feltz' Gothic style home with pink kitchen and hunky toyboy ExclusiveCOLL-YWOOD Gemma Collins chatted up by top LA director who's 'impressed by her confidence' ExclusiveWON'T PONY UP Katie Price ‘owes vet £3k and is refusing to pay’ as she battles money woes ExclusiveSINGER'S BOMBSHELL X Factor’s Tracyleanne Jefford diagnosed with skin cancer on her nose 
He is sitting on a luxurious red couch as he plays Sting's Shape Of My Heart while Amber twerks next to him in fishnets, a tiny yellow bikini and heeled boots.
She told fans: “You give back to your community and I’ll give back to mine! Featuring @iamthmpsn.
"Full video on my app soon stay tuned. Link in my bio download and subscribe now #strippers #sexworkers.”
Despite the racy clip, the app will be helping her followers achieve their dreams – and she will be helping them with things like paying rent, their education and even future jobs.
The Mega Agency6 Amber is currently promoting her new app. Ir apparently helps her followers achieve their dreams 
The Mega Agency6 Amber kept her head down as she entered the venue
The Mega Agency6 Amber was accompanied by a bodyguard as she hit the town
She said:  “I wanted it to be very personal so it’s going to be full of content you can’t find on any of my other platforms.
“I also know how amazing my fans are, so this gives me the opportunity to show them I see and hear them.
“I want to give back and build a tight-knit community in which they can all feel empowered to be themselves with the support of other members of the amazing Amber Rose community.”
Her rep added: “Amber will be funding these projects on her own as she wants to support the individuals who have been supporting her along the way.”
Amber Rose gets down on all fours in a thong to twerk to classical music

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


