Ellie Soutter death – Team GB snowboarder’s devastated uncle reveals niece was found dead in French woodland
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6878492/ellie-soutter-death-team-gb-snowboarder/
29th July 2018, 11:30 am
THE family of Team GB snowboarder and Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics hopeful Ellie Soutter today revealed the teen was found dead in French woodland on her 18th birthday.
Ellie is feared to have taken her own life on Wednesday, with her uncle today paying tribute to his "chirpy" niece.
Team GB21 Ellie Soutter, one of Britain's most promising snowboarders, tragically died on her 18th birthday
Speaking to the MailOnline, uncle Jeremy Soutter said the young athlete had faced pressure from her competition but had never given any indication she would take her own life.
He said: "She wanted to be good at everything. She expected a lot of herself.
"There's certainly a lot of pressure from competing. The travelling is immense too. She had a very busy training schedule and generally all of that takes its toll."
Family has today flocked to the French Alps, where Ellie lived with her father Tony Soutter, to gather for a memorial for the teen - initially planned to be a birthday celebration for the young woman.
Team GB snowboarder Ellie Soutter dies suddenly aged 18 
The Hawthorns School21 Hawthorns School paid tribute to tragic snowboarder Ellie
Getty Images21 Ellie specialised in freeride and boardercross, often sharing photographs of herself in action
Facebook21 Tony Soutter shared a heartbreaking tribute to his daughter Ellie, saying he was proud of the 'beautiful young woman' she had turned in to
At least a dozen people had travelled to Les Gets for tonight's party.
It is unclear if her mother Lorraine Denman, a body builder who lives in Hove, East Sussex, is among those in France.
Ellie's dad Tony - who was to celebrate his own birthday on Monday - last night confirmed his daughter's tragic death, saying: "This cruel world took my Soul mate and 'Bessie' from me yesterday on her 18th birthday.
“I was so proud of the beautiful young woman she had turned into.
21 Ellie's distraught dad Tony Soutter posted an emotional tribute online, describing his daughter as his 'soul mate'
Instagram21 Ellie was preparing to compete for Team GB in the Junior World Championships next month
Twitter/Lorraine Denman21 Ellie's mum Lorraine Denman is a body builder and vet based in Hove, East Sussex
"Ellie I will miss you more than you could have ever imagined. Rest in peace you little Champion!"
Sources within the sport confirmed to Sun Online Ellie took her own life in France.
The family has not confirmed how the 18-year-old died but British Ski and Snowboard, the governing body of the sport in the UK, posted a link to Samaritans when announcing news of her death.
Teen Ellie was considered one of Team GB's great hopes for the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, having claimed Team GB's only medal at the European Youth Olympic Winter Festival in Erzurum, Turkey last year.
The teen had been forced to stop competing at the beginning of this year due to a lack of funding but she was able to start again and was expected to compete in the junior world championships in New Zealand next month.
Devastated friends and family of the snowboarder flooded social media with tributes after news of her death was announced, organising a memorial at the Hotel Spa Crychar in Les Gets, France tonight.
Instagram21 Ellie was remembered for her talent
Ellie Soutter reacts after she wins Team GB’s only medal at European Youth Olympic Winter Festival in Erzurum, Turkey 
Pal Abi Rundle described Ellie as the "kindest, most caring, talented and beautiful friend".
She wrote: "If only you knew how much you truly meant to everyone.
"Not a day will go past where I don’t think about and miss you. Until we meet again my angel, forever in my heart, I love you."
Oscar Mandin also shared a photograph of the pair together, simply writing: "Goodbye Ellie..." accompanied by a love heart.
British Ski Cross champion Emily Sarsfield added: "So sad to hear the news of the passing of Ellie Soutter.
"You really were an amazing girl! Such a fun teammate, made me smile everyday, cracking all the jokes and enjoying life to it’s fullest! I’m going to miss you and your amazing energy. All my thoughts to your family."
Facebook21 Ellie was a rising star whose life was tragically cut short
21 Fellow athletes have remembered Ellie, passing on their prayers and thoughts to the teen's family
So sad to hear the news of the passing of @elliesoutter You really were an amazing girl! Such a fun teammate, made me smile everyday, cracking all the jokes and enjoying life to it’s fullest! I’m going to miss you and your amazing energy. 😘 All my thoughts to your family 🙏 pic.twitter.com/0VyswjMQuB— Emily Sarsfield (@EmSkiCross) July 26, 2018


Olympic champion Amy Williams added: "Such sad tragic news to wake up to. Thoughts and prayers go to Ellie Soutter’s family."
And friend Ryan Pelluchon added: "Every second spent with you was a pleasure: partying, riding or just chilling. I just wish I could of had more of it... Rest In Peace you champion."
Team GM teammate Maisie Hill was among those paying tribute to Ellie, saying: "Have a good ride up there Ellie".
Another described Ellie as a "little gem" as friends shared tributes marked with the motto #rideforellie
Ellie had grown up in Oxted, Surrey, before moving overseas to train.
         View this post on Instagram           Goodbye Ellie .. ❤️ A post shared by  Oscar Mandin (@oscarmandin) on Jul 26, 2018 at 10:44am PDT

Facebook21 Friends described Ellie as a 'beautiful' pal after the teen's death
Facebook21 Ellie's friends told how they would miss the kind-hearted athlete
Instagram21 Ellie lived in the French Alps with her dad
Team GB21 Ellie celebrates competing for British snowboarding. She was due to compete again next month
@TeamGB / Twitter21 Ellie Soutter had come second at the Eldorado Junior Freeride Tour
Rising talent Ellie claimed Team GB's only medal at the European Youth Olympic Winter Festival in Erzurum, Turkey last year when she was just 16.
As she secured the bronze medal, she said: "I don't think it's quite sunk in yet. I'm a little bit emotional. I cried as I crossed the line."
She added: "I just hope this isn't the last medal I win for Team GB. My goal is to compete at Beijing 2022."
Ellie was an inaugural member of the British Europa Cup snowboard cross programme, spending the 2017/18 season competing on the Freeride Junior Tour.
A specialist in freeride and boardercross, Ellie was due to return to snowboard cross competition, representing Britain at the Junior World Championships in New Zealand.
Instagram21 Ellie's last Instagram post showed her smiling with a friend
Her dad Tony had recently shared an appeal to help his daughter's career, saying there was little or no financial assistance coming in for her sport.
In February, he wrote: "Ellie should now be in full swing with both the Europa Cup boardercross circuit and Junior Freeride World Tour, throughout Europe also training full time with her coach Deborah Anthonioz, racking up FIS points so she can move on to the World Cup circuit and gain selection to the 2022 winter Olympics in Beijing.
"Due to the lack of funds this has all had to come to a halt."
He later thanked supporters for helping to raise cash that would go towards her summer training.
Facebook21 Ellie had hoped to compete in the Winter Olympics in 2022
Instagram21 Ellie died on her 18th birthday, with friends and family saying they would miss her 'spark'
Instagram21 Ellie was an inaugural member of the British Europa Cup snowboard cross programme
The Hawthorns School, Ellie's former school, paid tribute to the "bubbly, likeable and enthusiastic" young woman".
In  a statement, they said: "Ellie won the Old Hawthornian Cup for Outstanding Achievement in July 2017 and in December came back to The Hawthorns to talk to the pupils and staff in assembly about her life and aspirations for the future.
"Her ambition was to represent Great Britain at the Winter Olympics in Beijing. The Old Hawthornian Association had recently offered her some financial support from their Personal Development Fund to help fund her training and kit.
"Our thoughts and prayers are with Ellie’s family at this very sad and difficult time."
Instagram21 Friends and family paid tribute to the 18-year-old, with her dad saying he would miss her 'more than you could have ever imagined'
Instagram21 Ellie was described as among the brightest rising stars in British snowboarding
A Team GB spokesman said: "The British Olympic Association is saddened to hear of the sudden passing of snowboard cross athlete Ellie Soutter, aged 18.
“Ellie was an incredibly popular and well-liked member of the team.
"Our thoughts are with her family and friends at this sad time."
British Ski & Snowboard issued an emotional statement last night describing her as among the "best" young boarders in the UK, sharing the Samaritans helpline details.
They said: "Ellie was one of the country’s best up-and-coming snowboarders, competing in both snowboard cross and freeride.
"A bronze medallist in snowboard cross at the 2017 European Youth Olympic Winter Festival in Erzurum, Turkey, Ellie claimed Team GB’s only medal of the event.
"She spent the 2017/18 season competing on the Freeride Junior Tour, but was due to return to snowboard cross competition next month after being selected in the British team for the Junior World Championships in New Zealand.
"She was an inaugural member of the British Europa Cup snowboard cross programme which commenced earlier this year.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
"The thoughts and condolences of the British Ski & Snowboard community are with Ellie’s family, friends and teammates."
British Olympic Association Chair Hugh Robertson and BOA Athlete Commission Chair Ben Hawes said: “Ellie was an incredibly popular and well-liked member of the team.
“Our thoughts are with her family and friends at this sad time”


Samaritans is free to call on 116 123 in the UK. Childline is available to help anyone under 19 in the UK with any issue they’re going through - call free on 0800 1111.

 


