Jeremy Corbyn faces fresh fury over anti-Semitism as second MP brands Labour ‘a sewer’ and council calls to strip leader of beloved allotment
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6888054/jeremy-corbyn-labour-anti-semitism-row-mp-axe-allotment/
29th July 2018, 12:13 am
A LABOUR MP is facing the axe after branding the party "a sewer" - amid extraordinary calls to strip Jeremy Corbyn of his allotment, it's reported.
Ian Austin, MP for Dudley North, is said to have had a row with chairman Ian Lavery and slammed the party's handling of anti-Semitism as a "bloody disgrace".
Alamy Live News6 Jeremy Corbyn is facing more pressure amid the anti-Semitism row
According to the  Mail On Sunday, Mr Austin, whose grandmother was killed in the Holocaust, blasted: “Under this leadership, the Labour party has become a sewer.”
The newspaper claims the row was on the same day veteran Labour MP Dame Margaret Hodge told Mr Corbyn he's a racist because of his failure to tackle anti-Semitism.
She was furious over Labour's decision to adopt a new definition of anti-Semitism, which allows activists to compare Israel to Nazi Germany.
Confronting him in the Commons, she told him: "You're a f*****g anti-Semite and a racist."
Refer to Source - Free6 Ian Austin, Labour MP for Dudley North, is reportedly facing the axe after branding the party a sewer
Les Gallagher - The Sun Glasgow6 Labour chairman Ian Lavery, is said to have got into a spat with MP Ian Austin
Mr Austin, an ex-aide to Gordon Brown, was reportedly sent a letter by Labour General Secretary Jennie Formby threatening to punish him after his bust-up with Mr Lavery.
According to the Mail, Ms Formby - who's close pals with Unite leader Len McCluskey - warned Mr Austin: "Allegations that you may have been involved in a breach of Labour Party rules have been brought to our attention.
"They relate to abusive conduct in Parliament on 16 July and 17 July 2018, which may be in breach of rule 2.1.8.
"You should be aware that any future behaviour of a similar nature to the allegation above could result in further disciplinary action, including suspension."
PA6 Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is facing calls to have his allotment in East Finchley taken off him
PA6 He's previously spoken about his love his vegetable patch where he likes to grow soft fruit and make jams
The letter concluded that the matter will be investigated.
It comes at it emerged that the dispute has led to an extraordinary call from Barnet Council to have Mr Corbyn thrown off his allotment in East Finchley.
The idea to strip the Labour leader of his vegetable patch, which is four miles from his Islington home, was put forward by Conservative Leader Richard Cornelius.
In the latest official minutes of the council meeting, ex-Tory MP John Marshall asked Mr Cornelius to invite the Labour leader to discuss "the scourge of anti-Semitism, in the interests of community cohesion and wellbeing".
PA:Press Association6 Jewish MP Margaret Hodge is facing disciplinary action by Labour for reportedly swearing at Jeremy Corbyn in a row over anti-Semitism
Mr Cornelius replied: "This would be helpful. Margaret Hodge MP has labelled Jeremy Corbyn an anti-Semite. I wonder whether he should still have a Barnet allotment."
It's not clear whether the local council has the power to take the plot, which is run by the Barnet Allotments Federation, from Mr Corbyn.
Labour has declined to comment on the allotment threat.
A spokesperson also blasted allegations complaints against Mr Austin and Dame Margaret had been orchestrated by the Leader’s office as "absurd".
most read in politicsDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
It comes as yet another Labour councillor was suspended over an outrageous anti-Semitic post claiming Jews drink blood and sexually abuse babies.
Bognor Regis councillor Damien Enticott was alleged to have posted a video on his Facebook account referring to “Talmud Jews” as “parasites” and calling for their execution.
Mr Enticott claimed his account had been hacked by someone living in his shared house - and he was not anti-Semitic because “he had Jewish friends”.
Margaret Hodge dubs Jeremy Corbyn a racist again over his failure to stamp out anti-Semitism

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




