Hugh Owens has won his divorce battle in the Supreme Court but he is a loser in love
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6882617/lorraine-kelly-opinion-hugh-owens-loser-love/
27th July 2018, 10:24 pm
“MATE. It’s over. She doesn’t love you any more. Time to gather what’s left of your dignity and walk away.”
All of the above is exactly what friends and family of Hugh Owens should have told him when his fed-up wife Tini wanted to call it a day and filed for divorce.
PA:Press Association11 Determined... Hugh Owens has won a battle to stop his wife divorcing him
Instead, 80-year-old Hugh has fought tooth and nail to hang on to the marriage, being dragged all the way to the Supreme Court, where this week a group of sombre legal eagles “reluctantly” declared that Tini would have to stay shackled to her husband.
I simply cannot understand why anyone would be forced to use the full might of the law and spend a fortune on lawyers’ fees to escape a relationship that has so obviously shrivelled up and died. And still fail.
Tini was desperate to get out of this marriage and move on with her life.
PA11 Tini Owens has tried to free herself and even had an affair
The couple have been married for 40 years, have two grown-up children and enjoyed a successful business and extremely well-off lifestyle.
Tini, a youthful-looking 68, fell out of love with her husband and filed for divorce three years ago.
She had even had a fling, perhaps hoping that cheating would kill off her sickly marriage once and for all.
No doubt to her frustration, Hugh forgave her for the affair and has repeatedly refused to acknowledge the marriage is over and done with, or to try to reach any sort of compromise.
Now, you might think this is all because he is passionately in love with his wife and cannot bear to live without her.
But it would appear the truth is somewhat different.
SWNS:South West News Service11 Home is not where the heart is for Hugh and Tini Owens
Instead of being distraught at the prospect of losing Tini, Hugh merely asserts that currently they “rub along” together and enjoy “pleasant” holidays.
Perhaps that’s just his old- fashioned demeanour, but it seems a very buttoned-up way to sum up the reasons you want to stay with the person who has shared your bed and your life for four decades.
Maybe they are THAT couple you see sitting in a restaurant with nothing to say to each other, while he is oblivious and she sits silently seething and slowly dying inside.
I cannot imagine being stuck in such a soul-destroying relationship.
But this surely can’t be just about love. It has to be about control.
PA:Press Association/PA Images11 The Supreme Court has ruled the Owens' must stay together
Dutch-born Tini was 28 when she married 40-year-old Hugh in the late Seventies.
I think we can guess what the balance of power was like in that partnership.
Although the examples Tini has given of his behaviour were said to seem trivial in isolation, when you add them all up I’m surprised they stayed married for so long.
Among the 27 that Tini listed, they included that he was “insensitive” in his “manner and tone” and she said she felt “constantly mistrusted” and unloved.
Tini said: “The simple fact is that I have been desperately unhappy in our marriage for many years.
“There is no prospect of reconciliation.”
PA:Press Association11 Tini Owens actually lives in a separate building to her husband
She said she felt “unloved, isolated and alone”.
Even with the comfortable cushion of wealth, a gilded cage is still a prison.
Tini is extremely lucky that they own more than one property, so she doesn’t have to stay under the same roof as her estranged husband.
But without a divorce, she still isn’t free of him and will now have to wait a further two years to be legally able to divorce on the grounds of having lived separately for five years.
No one really knows what goes on inside a marriage so a lot of this is speculation, but you do have to wonder why Hugh has dug his heels in so hard.
Perhaps he was looking to the future and expected Tini to be taking care of him in his dotage, and that’s why he was willing to force her into court battles and public scrutiny.
Tini was desperate to get out of this marriage and move on with her lifeLorraine KellyOpinion
Maybe, in his own way, he really does love her. Who knows?
Hugh has won this battle but ultimately will lose the war.
In 24 months, and I’m sure she’s counting the days, his wife will be given her freedom.
And this case might just trigger a long-overdue overhaul of divorce laws so couples don’t find themselves trapped in loveless, miserable marriages for years.
MOST READ IN OPINIONCommentJANE MOORE Time for something completely different…let's put the boot in at EU elections CommentDAMIAN GREEN How Tory leadership race can lead to every Brit having a shot at the good life CommentALLY ROSS Graham Norton shouldn't have spared Madge's blushes as he lashed Eurovision acts CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone CommentTHE SUN SAYS Hipster who threw MILKSHAKE achieved nothing but to recruit more Farage fans CommentNICK TIMOTHY Tinderbox Tories will get burned at the ballots - they need a new plan 
Rock's Tommy tribute
PA11 The rock remembers... haunting images displayed in Gibraltar were a reminder
THE haunting image of a soldier projected on to the Rock Of Gibraltar this week should make us all stop for a moment to remember the sacrifices of 100 years ago.
World War One was an unimaginable bloodbath that killed 700,000 of the bravest and best Brit soldiers.
The huge image of a soldier, bowing his head in solemn reflection, marks how vital a part the Gibraltar naval base played during World War One.
As we approach the centenary in November of the signing of the Armistice that ended the conflict, expect to see more images like this all over Britain.
Soldiers perform ten gun salute to mark the start of the Battle of Ypres and World War One
Life-sized “Tommy” statues will be in our town centres and village squares, and ten-inch versions will be sold to help raise funds for veterans and charities supporting the Armed Forces community.
It’s a simple and poignant way for all of us to say thank you for their service and sacrifice.
Big bother for Meg
Getty - Contributor11 Meghan Markle must wish her family would just stay out of the spotlight
THE Markle Clan are at it again. This time it involves the Duchess of Sussex’s future sister-in-law, arrested on suspicion of assaulting her fiancé Thomas, Meghan’s half-brother.
These two have previous, with Darlene Blount, the blushing bride-to-be, arrested last New Year’s Eve after a drunken fight with her beloved.
It’s all very Jeremy Kyle and I don’t think neither Thomas nor Darlene will be partaking of tea at the Palace any time soon.
Splash News11 Darlene Blount was recently arrested again
To makes matters worse, there are strong rumours that Meghan’s harshest critic, her half-sister Samantha, is about to sign on the dotted line to appear in Celebrity Big Brother.
Bear in mind that she recently implied that if their dad Thomas died, it would be all Meghan’s fault, and you get the gist of the kind of insults she’ll be spewing in the BB house.
Meghan Markle's half-sister Samantha Markle defends 'cashing in' on Duchess' royal profile by discussing going on Celebrity Big Brother
I reckon this makes it all the more important for Meghan to build bridges with her estranged dad to try to dilute the toxicity of the rest of the brood.
He might be the only one to knock some sense into his mouthy children and their extended dysfunctional family.
Otherwise it’s all going to get even more uncomfortable for poor Meghan.
Doggy don'tWHY are we still reading about police officers and concerned citizens having to smash car windows to rescue dogs in danger of dying in the heatwave?
You should NEVER leave your dog alone in a car, even if you have parked in the shade and left the windows slightly open and it’s just a quick trip to the shops.
The heat builds up like an oven and the horrible reality is that your pets will be roasted like a Christmas turkey – while they are still alive.
If you don’t believe me then try sitting in your car wearing a fake fur coat with no air con and see how you get on after just 15 minutes.
It’s beyond cruel and neglectful pet owners really need to start using their common sense.

It's drag to riches
SWNS:South West News Service11 Teachers at his school let Lewis Bailey down
THERE’S something deliciously karmic about talented teen Lewis Bailey having his dreams come true after his school banned him from performing in drag at their talent show.
Without even seeing the 14-year-old’s act, teachers said it was “inappropriate”.
If they had bothered to watch Lewis as Athena Heart, they would have realised there was no swearing or sexual innuendo.
He was heartbroken to be banned but the backlash against this has given him a level of support and fame he can hardly believe.
Rex Features11 Lewis appeared on TV in drag after his story emerged
Lewis has been on TV and radio, spoken to his idol Courtney Act and been invited to perform at DragWorld, Europe’s largest celebration of drag next month.
Lewis and I both share a love of the glorious TV show RuPaul’s Drag Race, which is a funny, often painfully honest and ultimately uplifting drag extravaganza.
His experience is uncannily similar to that of Jamie Campbell, who wanted to wear a dress to his school prom.
His story is now the successful West End musical Everyone’s Talking About Jamie (which I’ve seen and can throughly recommend).
I wish young Lewis similar success as he goes from being a drag princess to a fully fledged queen.
Now give Mia more
AP:Associated Press11 Here we go again... Mamma Mia deserves it's success
I’M not at all surprised that Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again is breaking all sorts of records at the box office.
A lovely, air-conditioned cinema with a cool drink and an ice cream while watching a party unfold before your very eyes is the perfect pick-me-up.
Add Cher to the mix and it’s better than sex.
Meryl Streep gatecrashes Lorraine Kelly's interview with Cher at Mamma Mia premiere

