Amber Rose gets down on all fours in a thong to twerk to violinist for bizarre stunt to promote her new app
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6877280/amber-rose-thong-twerk-classical-music-new-app/
27th July 2018, 9:40 am
AMBER Rose has shared a video of herself twerking to classical music in a bizarre promotion for her new app.
The 34-year-old posted a clip showing her wearing a thong and fishnets while on all fours, as a violinist plays in the background.
Instagram4 Amber Rose twerked to classical music
The musician, who is wearing a tuxedo, continues playing while the mum-of-one shows off her raunchy dance moves to promote her new app.
He is sitting on a luxurious red couch as he plays Sting's Shape Of My Heart while Amber twerks next to him in fishnets, a tiny yellow bikini and heeled boots.
She told fans: “You give back to your community and I’ll give back to mine! Featuring @iamthmpsn.
"Full video on my app soon stay tuned. Link in my bio download and subscribe now #strippers #sexworkers.”
Despite the racy clip, the app will be helping her followers achieve their dreams – and she will be helping them with things like paying rent, their education and even future jobs.
She said:  “I wanted it to be very personal so it’s going to be full of content you can’t find on any of my other platforms.
Instagram4 The star wore just a thong and fishnets as she twerked on the floor
BackGrid4 Amber has been working hard on her new app
Most Read In TV & ShowbizExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 
“I also know how amazing my fans are, so this gives me the opportunity to show them I see and hear them.
“I want to give back and build a tight-knit community in which they can all feel empowered to be themselves with the support of other members of the amazing Amber Rose community.”
Her rep added: “Amber will be funding these projects on her own as she wants to support the individuals who have been supporting her along the way.”
Amber is not the first person to twerk for the musician, known as Thmpsn.
4 Amber is not the first person to twerk for the musician
He shares videos of scantily clad women on his Instagram page of models dancing while he plays.
Meanwhile, Amber is reportedly dating NBA player Monte Morris following her split from 21 Savage four months ago.
Amber has a five-year-old son Sebastian, with her former husband Wiz Khalifa.

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


