Vegan activist who stole piglet from farm played Elvis music to calm it down
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6799281/man-stole-piglet-farm-slaughterhouse-spared-jail-animal-sanctuary/
17th July 2018, 12:55 pm
A VEGAN activist stole a pig — then played Elvis music to calm it down.
Wesley Omar, 23, filmed the animal in his car’s footwell as he sped away from a local farm.
BPM Media5 Wesley Omar was told off at Leicester Crown Court for being 'extremely childish' by stealing a pig from a farm
In footage shown to court, he then put on Elvis’ hit I Just Can’t Help Believing.
Investment banker Omar who stole the piglet to save it from the slaughterhouse has been spared jail...while his animal pal gets a new life in a sanctuary.
He was sentenced yesterday to a 12-month community order with 100 hours of unpaid work after stealing the three-month-old swine from a farm and driving off with it in the footwell of his car.
The 23-year-old filmed himself taking the pig from Belmont Farm in Pickwell, near Melton Mowbray, last July before posting the footage on YouTube and Facebook.
BPM Media5 Wilbur the pig is now enjoying a new life in a sanctuary thanks to his friend Wesley
Wilbur - as the pig is now known - could not be taken back to the farm due to risk of contamination and is now happily living at an animal sanctuary.
A subsequent video clip of Omar visiting Wilbur at his new home went viral, after American musician, Moby, shared it.
BPM Media5 Omar released a clip of himself driving away with the pig on YouTube last year
At Leicester Crown Court Omar, of Rutland, said he did what he did to raise awareness of the condition animals are kept in.
Judge Nicholas Dean QC described Omar as an "intelligent young man".
Be he described his actions as "extremely childish", saying: "You are not entitled to commit criminal acts in the form of protest."
Omar, who pleaded guilty to stealing Wilbur, described the pigs as "cramped in hot conditions" and "covered in their own faeces".
Facebook5 Wesley Omar filmed himself nabbing the pig last year
YouTube:Wesley Omar5 The 23-year-old lost his job as an investment banker after stealing the pig from Belmont Farms
In 2011 Trading Standards prosecuted Belmont Farms Ltd, which was fined several thousands of pounds for what was described as “a generally lax regime” for assessing and medically treating injured pigs in the farm’s hospital pens.
Omar, supported by a crowd of activists outside the court, said: "This place broke my heart, seeing thousands of innocent pigs corridor after corridor that were squeezed up against each other with a horrible stench coming from the disgusting conditions they were kept in."
MOST READ NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
The activist, who lost his job as an investment banker after the theft, was told by Judge Jean QC that the conviction would serve as a punishment because it would affect future employment.
The judge said Omar was entitled to express his beliefs but not through criminal activity, which interfered with the rights of the farmer, who had incurred loss through the £6,000 cost of upgrading security.
Omar now plans to study psychology at the University of Derby where he will "focus on his studies", the court heard.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




