Meghan Markle teases little boy who stroked her hair during Royal visit to Ireland
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6749029/meghan-markle-prince-harry-dublin-official-trip/
11th July 2018, 9:30 pm
MEGHAN Markle teased a little boy after he cheekily reached out and repeatedly stroked her hair this morning.
She and Prince Harry are currently on their first official overseas trip since getting married, and were snapped grinning and wagging their finger at three-year-old Walter after he became fascinated with Meghan's glossy locks.
Rex Features28 Little Walter looked chastised as Harry and Meghan jokingly told him off for stroking her hair
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry hold hands as they arrive at Gaelic Athletic Association in Dublin, Ireland
The pair were visiting Croke Park - home to Ireland's Gaelic Athletic Association - to watch dozens of kids playing Gaelic football and hurling.
Newly married Meghan had earlier beamed as Prince Harry let four-year-old Dylan Mahon playfully tug on his beard today as the pair continue their visit to Dublin.
After the cheeky grab, Harry told the youngster: “You might have a beard soon - you never know!”
On the pitch the couple watched as groups of boys and girls played hurling, camogie - the women’s equivalent - Gaelic football and “fun and run”, a rounders-like game designed to be inclusive for people with disabilities.
Rex Features28 The little lad was fascinated with her shiny mane and kept reaching out to stroke it
Rex Features28 Harry grinned as the little sportsman was captivated by Meghan's hair
Reuters28 The pair held hands as they continued their tour in Ireland
Getty Images - Getty28 Walter appeared to blow a kiss at the royals as the pair beamed away as he charmed them
Harry picked up a goalie’s helmet and asked Tom Whooley, nine, if he had ever been hit in the face by a ball.
When Tom answered no, the duke asked him: “Have you hit a ball into someone else’s face? Not yet? Working on it!”
Colin Regan, the GAA’s community and health manager, said: “Meghan was particularly interested in the fact that there were boys and girls playing sports together. She said she had not seen that before, really.”
The loved-up couple held hands as they carried out their duties - after having met Ireland's President Michael D Higgins, his wife and his two dogs earlier today.
Rex Features28 After winning Harry and Meghan over the tot went for a high five with the Prince
PA:Press Association28 Meghan grinned as she took hold of the confident tot's hand as he reached for her head once more
Getty Images - Getty28 Meghan was pictured smiling as she watched dozens of kids playing gaelic football and hurling
Getty Images - Getty28 The loved up couple enjoyed a jam-packed visit to Croke Park
AFP or licensors28 The couple have taken on a number of joint engagements since they married in May
Getty Images - Getty28 Meghan made a number of new admirers on their trip to Croke Park
What is Croke Park's history and why is the royal visit important?On November 21, 1920, British forces opened fire at a Gaelic football match between Tipperary and Dublin at Croke Park, killing 14 spectators and players.
Earlier that day, IRA assassination squads had shot dead 14 suspected British intelligence agents in Dublin.
The day became known as the original Bloody Sunday and has become enshrined in Irish folklore.
Harry followed in the footsteps of his grandmother the Queen by making the symbolic visit to Croke Park.
She visited the site in 2011, and it was seen as a momentous part of her Irish visit as it was an acknowledgment of a dark passage in British history.
Yesterday Prince Harry said: "As each other’s closest neighbours, the UK and Ireland’s relationship is unique; our shared history is long and complex."
“There have of course been challenging, and at times tragic, periods of that relationship.
“Tomorrow we hope to have the opportunity to reflect on some of those difficult passages in our history when we visit Croke Park and the Famine Memorial."

PA:Press Association28 Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex arrive at the famine memorial on the bank of the River Liffey
PA:Press Association28 The couple spent time at the poignant memorial
AFP28 The Duke and Duchess of Sussex sign the visitors book, watched by Trinity, Provost and President
They chatted to a number of small children and looked perfectly at ease messing around with the youngsters.
It once more sparked excited rumours the pair could soon have children of their own, after Meghan's father Thomas Markle spoke out to say he thinks his daughter will be pregnant soon.
Earlier this year it was reported the pair are "desperate" for kids and want to get started as soon as possible.
And in their engagement interview last year, Harry indicated they wanted children as he told the BBC's Mishal Husain: "Hopefully we'll start a family in the near future."
This morning Harry delighted football fans and confirmed he believes "it's coming home" - as England vies for a place in the World Cup final tonight.
Yesterday he refused to reveal his prediction for England's World Cup semi-final tonight - because he doesn't want to "jinx" our chances.
The Duke of Sussex kept his cards close to his chest when Irish rugby union legend Brian O'Driscoll asked him if "football's coming home".
PA:Press Association28 The happy pair greeted well wishers and fans who lined the streets of Dublin to meet them
PA:Press Association28 They seemed delighted with the response they had from the Dublin crowds
Goff Photos28 A little boy grabbed Harry's beard as Meghan looked on in delight
Reuters28 Meghan seemed eager to have a go at hurling as she met youngsters
Getty Images - Getty28 The pair chatted with many of the sporty youngsters during their visit
PA:Press Association28 Dog lover Meghan looked delighted to meet the pooches, as did new husband Harry
PA:Press Association28 Harry was quizzed by Irish rugby legend Brian O'Driscoll as he began his two-day visit to Dublin with wife Meghan - their first overseas foreign trip as a married couple
The Three Lions beat Sweden 2-0 on Saturday to set up a last four clash with Croatia in Moscow this evening.
Harry was quizzed by O'Driscoll as he began his two-day visit to Dublin with wife Meghan last night at a British Ambassador reception.
Speaking yesterday, O'Driscoll said: "I asked him, 'so, is football coming home?'
"But he refused to say it. I think he just said he isn't as confident as everyone else about England winning tomorrow.
"He said he won't say it because he doesn't want to jinx it."
PA:Press Association28 Harry and Meghan today met with Irish President Michael D Higgins, his wife Sabina and their dogs Brod and Sioda
Andrew Parsons28 Meghan and Prince Harry cuddle with the Bernese Mountain Dogs
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are currently on their first official trip abroad as a married couple - and today met Irish President Michael D Higgins and his wife Sabina.
However, the newlyweds looked especially excited to meet their Bernese Mountain Dogs - Brod and Sioda.
The couple have appeared relaxed on their Irish trip - as they sipped Champagne at last night's party, and joker Harry even made a tongue-in-cheek dig at the Prince of Wales as he stood on stage.
Paying tribute to the British Ambassador in Ireland, Robin Barnett, Harry said: "As some of you may know, he showed my father around his home city of Cork a couple of weeks ago.
"So we are very grateful for you joining us here this evening as well. And also very nice to know that he didn't bore you senseless."
During the final day of their visit, Harry and Meghan have been meeting the people of Dublin.
They went to a Gaelic sports festival at Croke Park, the home of the Gaelic Athletic Association but also the site of the 1920 Bloody Sunday massacre that was visited by the Queen during her historic state visit to Ireland in 2011.
PA:Press Association28 The Duchess of Sussex stunned in a Roland Mouret dress
Getty - Contributor28 The Duke of Sussex kept his cards close to his chest when asked if 'football's coming home'
AP:Associated Press28 Joker Harry, who met O'Driscoll and his wife, actress Amy Huberman, at a British Ambassador reception, also made a dig at the Prince of Wales as he stood on stage with Meghan by his side
AFP28 Harry was quizzed by O'Driscoll as he began his two-day visit to Dublin with wife Meghan - their first overseas foreign trip as a married couple
AFP28 They will attend a Gaelic sports festival at Croke Park, the home of the Gaelic Athletic Association
Most read in newsGAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack FARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone HAMM SLAM Philip Hammond sparks uproar from Brexiteers in rant over consequences of No Deal CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM 
Meghan and Harry have also seen more of Ireland's culture and heritage, with a visit to Trinity College where they saw the Book of Kells, one of Ireland's greatest cultural treasures.
The Duke and Duchess will later have a moment for reflection at the Famine Memorial, before visiting EPIC, the Irish Emigration Museum, telling the story of the 10 million Irish people who have emigrated across the world.
The royal couple will also learn more about the bright future of Ireland during their time in Dublin, with a visit to DogPatch Labs, a co-working space for technology start-ups.

