New road techology will scan cars and expose drivers who use their mobiles at the wheel
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/uknews/6746607/tech-exposes-drivers-using-mobiles/
11th July 2018, 2:08 am
MOTORISTS who use mobiles at the wheel will be shamed by a roadside detection system.
A scanner senses if a phone is in use in a car — and a symbol of a mobile with a line through it then flashes up on a sign as drivers pass.
SWNS:South West News Service3 The system will scan cars to detect if drivers are using their phones at the wheel
A trial of the £6,000 equipment started in Norwich yesterday and will move to other Norfolk locations during the next month.
It will not record plates or issue fines but data will be shared with police. It is also unable to tell whether a driver or passenger is using a handset.
But officials hope the kit will help remind people of the dangers of using phones while driving.
Norfolk County Council’s Road Safety team has developed the technology in partnership with vehicle sign technology firm Westcotec.
SWNS:South West News Service3 If a driver is found to be using a mobile, a symbol of a phone with a line through it will appear
Westcotec’s Chris Spinks said he hoped it could provide police with an idea of where illegal use is most common. He said: “The aim of the technology is to remind drivers of the law and to get off their phones.”
Alamy3 The current fine for those caught using their phones at the wheel is £200
MOST READ IN motorsHOW MUCH IS TOO MUCH This is how much alcohol you can legally drink before driving RevealedCHECK THE CHARGE Why you don't always have to pay a parking fine from the airport DEPENDABLE DRIVES The car brands least likely to suffer faults & cause headaches for owners Road TestBIGGER & BETTER Dashing new VW Touareg finally catches the eye after 16 years of ordinary FLIPPING OUT How driving in flip flops could land you a £5,000 fine and NINE points SPACE INVADERS Is it illegal for someone to park on your driveway or in front of your home? 
Jonathan Chapman, inspector of the Norfolk Roads Policing Unit, added: “We will be using the information to help us target drivers in the future but the message is simple — leave your phone alone whilst you’re behind the wheel.”
Margaret Dewsbury, chairman of Norfolk County Council’s communities committee, said: “Using a mobile phone whilst driving is an enormous distraction and apart from being illegal puts the lives of the driver, passengers and pedestrians at risk.”
Those caught using mobile phones at the wheel face a £200 fine and six points on their licence following the introduction of tougher laws last year.
Moment irate driver trying to overtake traffic jam on WRONG side of the road launches foul-mouthed rant


GOT a news story? RING us on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk


 

