Jeremy McConnell demands to see his child Caben with ex-girlfriend Stephanie Davis as their ugly battle reignites
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6684876/jeremy-mcconnell-steph-davies-son-caben-visit/
3rd July 2018, 6:09 pm
JEREMY McConnell is demanding to see his child Caben with ex-girlfriend Stephanie Davis as their ugly battle reignites.
The Irish model claims the former Hollyoaks star is refusing him access of their son, The Sun's Bizarre column can reveal.
Instagram5 Jeremy McConnell is demanding to see his child Caben with ex-girlfriend Stephanie Davis
He is now seeking shared custody as he insists he has “turned his life around”.
In an exclusive interview, Jeremy said: “It’s extremely upsetting that Stephanie has continually chosen not to engage with my team and follow the appropriate channels to arrange in time access with our son.
“Since last year Stephanie has continued to paint a picture of me that is wholly inaccurate and gives a perception in public, the press and online that I don't want to see Caben.
“All I want is for our son to have me back in his life.”
Instagram5 The Irish model claims the former Hollyoaks star is refusing him access of their son
refer to caption.5 During his appearance on The Jeremy Kyle Show in March the former Celebrity Big Brother star told the host he missed his son
5 He even got his name tattooed on him to show how much his son meant to him
Stephanie gave birth to Caben in January last year.
Her and Jeremy got together following Celebrity Big Brother 2016 but had a tumultulous on-off relationship.
In August last year he was found guilty of battering her in a cocaine-fuelled row and he was sentenced to 20 weeks in prison, suspended for 12 months and 200 hours community service.
He was also banned from contacting the former Hollyoaks actress after being given a three-year restraining order by the courts.
Jeremy McConnell reveals that his career is over on the Jeremy Kyle Show
The Sun revealed in May Jeremy had launched a custody battle the previous month after getting his life back on track.
Stephanie accused Jeremy of not “paying a penny” towards his son and “never asking to see him”.
During his appearance on The Jeremy Kyle Show in March the former Celebrity Big Brother star told the host he missed his son and was looking to the future in the hope of having a relationship with him.
Jeremy now says he has made attempted to communicate with Stephanie, who has refused to cooperate.
He says he has even brought in lawyers to help deal with the situation.
Instagram5 Jeremy launched a legal bid back in April
Jeremy told the Sun: “Since my formal attempts she has sought to message me directly whilst choosing not to respond via solicitors.
“Caben is my priority and I won't be party to her ongoing games.
“Since my move to rebuild my life earlier this year, I am substance free, undertaking voluntary drugs tests which have all been passed as part of my probation.
“I have no interest now or at any time in the future to have any communication with Stephanie whatsoever about anything other than Caben.
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZTHE STAGE IS SET Spice Girls send fans wild with first look at 90s-style reunion tour stage BLACK MOURNING Alabama 3 singer Jake Black who wrote The Sopranos theme song dies SCREEN TIME As Game of Thrones ends, here's how long it takes to watch TV classic series DRESSED TO KILL Killing Eve's Jodie Comer spotted in killer outfit on set of her new movie DO YA THINK I'M SEX-SEA Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster grab some rock & stroll in Southend MEG'S BATTLE Megan Barton-Hanson had surgery to avoid 'pain' of looking in the mirror 
“Looking back I understand that was a chaotic time in my life and I didn’t recognise myself. I’m a much stronger person now and for that I’ll be forever grateful.
“I’m sure in time Stephanie can let go of the anger and personal issues she is dealing with so Caben’s arrangements can be formally dealt with like adults.”
“I won't stay silent over this and not try to be in my sons life. Caben deserves to have his dad in his life.”
Jeremy McConnell shares adorable video of him playing with son Caben-Albi

