Strangers paid for me to marry my husband but he died 46 hours later
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/6677352/strangers-paid-for-me-to-marry-my-husband-but-he-died-46-hours-later/
3rd July 2018, 8:43 am
A HEARTBROKEN bride has revealed how her husband died just 46 hours after their wedding.
Vitalija Savine, 28, had been with terminally ill Edgar, 29, for ten years and had a three-year-old boy Elliott when they finally married on July 1, last year.  But the following day, Edgar passed away.
Focus Features6 Vitalija married bed-ridden Edgar at midnight at his hospice
The mother-of-one,  from Wrexham, North Wales is grateful she was able to marry the love of her life thanks to local businesses and complete strangers who donated money, dress and a cake.
But she is heartbroken Edgar’s battle with cancer finally took his life after a two-year fight.
She says: “I’m so thankful I’m able to finally call him my husband thanks to the generosity of kind strangers.
"I’m heartbroken he’s no longer here but I have some amazing memories, which would not have been possible without the kindness of this community."
Focus Features6 Vitalija and Edgar exchanging rings at their midnight wedding in at Nightingale House Hospice, in Wrexham.
The couple were childhood friends and began dating when they were 19. Their son, Elliott, was born in July 2014.
Vitalija remembers: “We had always wanted a baby and couldn’t wait to start a family. Edgar actually cried tears of happiness when the pregnancy test was positive. And cried again when my scan showed I was having a boy – it was a dream come true for him.
“Edgar held my hand through the labour and he became a wonderful dad. He and Elliott were inseparable. We were blissfully happy with a good future ahead of us.”
Focus Features6 Vitalija and Edgar with baby Elliot before the diagnosis.
But at the end of 2015, Edgar began to complain of a pain in his back.
Vitalija says: “He was perfectly fit and healthy so we thought nothing of it and the doctor said he was fine.”
But he began vomiting blood and doctors suspected gall stones.
Vitalija says: “Edgar was a big strong man; 6ft 2ins tall and usually weighed 18st. But over the months, he lost seven-and-a-half stones. I was worried sick about him.”
Then, in June 2016, he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.
Focus Features6 Edgar during treatment for cancer
Vitalija says: “Edgar always had a great sense of humour and he faced the cancer the same way. He bought T-shirts with ‘F*** cancer’ and the nurses loved him. He was very positive and seemed to respond well to treatment while Elliott and I continued to visit him in hospital each evening.”
But in January last year, scans showed the cancer had spread and a huge tumour had appeared on the spine.
Vitalija says: “When Edgar found out the cancer had spread he proposed. We had always known we would get married one day but now he made it certain. I started planning the wedding and began booking things for mid-July.’
Focus Features6 Edgar holding Elliot when he was born
But by June, Edgar became very sick and doctors at Nightingale House Hospice, in Wrexham, warned Vitalija he didn’t have long.
Devastated, she decided to bring the wedding forward.
She says: “Staff at the hospice were so lovely they offered to launch an appeal to ask people in the community to donate just £1 each towards our wedding. Local businesses offered food, dresses and decorations and someone even offered to pay £400 for our wedding rings. The kindness of strangers was overwhelming.
“Incredibly, within a couple of hours, we had over a thousand pounds, while someone bought our rings, and another sent flowers, and someone sent in a gold dress for me to wear. It was so heart-warming that people can be so kind at a time of such sadness."
Late at night, on June 30, the hospice called to say Edgar’s breathing had deteriorated and the wedding was now urgent. With just one hour’s notice, Vitalija changed into her beautiful bridal dress and rushed to the hospice.
Focus Features6 Vitalija and Edgar during his treatment
The couple were married at 1am on July 1. Their best friends, Leon Griffiths and Keeley Phillips, were witnesses.
Vitalija says: “Edgar lay in bed, very weak and ill, but his eyes shone with happiness. It was dark outside and the whole world was asleep. Yet, we were celebrating our wedding. It was really special and surreal.”
Later that day, they held a reception and blessing, paid for by well-wishers, and attended by all their family and friends.
Vitalija said: “We hung a ‘Just married’ sign on the end of the bed and drank champagne and Edgar loved that Elliott was our guest of honour. Edgar insisted on playing Aerosmith’s Don’t Want To Miss A Thing. And I spent that night with him, cuddling him. I was so proud.”
"It was such a beautiful day. "
But 46 hours later, on July 2 at 11.40pm, Edgar passed away in Vitalija’s arms.
Fabulous most readBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination 
She says: “My heart’s broken. The love we shared was so special. But it brings me comfort knowing I have a small piece of Edgar, running around, in our son.
“I am so proud to call him my husband.  It’s been tough since his death - but I’ve kept busy fundraising for the hospice. Elliot often asks about his daddy. He can’t understand where he’s gone so it’s very sad, but I’m determined to stay strong for my little boy.”
A mother has revealed her joy and grief at expecting another child after her boy, three, choked to death on a bouncy ball.
And how this brave mum campaigns for a domestic abusers’ register after her violent ex punched and kicked her in the face – over a pair of flip-flops
 
Dani Dyer recouples with Jack Fincham as the original boys return from Casa Amor in Love Island

