Is Jerusalem the capital of Israel and when did Donald Trump move the US embassy to there from Tel Aviv?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5082438/capital-israel-jerusalem-donald-trump-un-vote-prince-william/
28th June 2018, 11:28 am
WHEN the United States moved its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem it reignited one of the most hotly disputed subjects at the heart of the Israel-Palestine conflict.
Here's what you need to know about Donald Trump's decision which was welcomed by the Jewish state but condemned by other countries.
AFP or licensors4 Trump described the recognition of Jerusalem as 'long overdue'
What is the capital of Israel?
Israel, which gained independence as a modern country in 1948, claims Jerusalem as its capital.
But this is not internationally recognised because the ancient city is also the proclaimed capital of the State of Palestine.
Jerusalem's unresolved status is one of the core questions at the heart of the Israel-Palestine conflict.
A 1949 treaty following the Arab-Israeli war divided Jerusalem into two sections with the western half controlled by Israel, and the eastern half controlled by Jordan.
Although Israel captured and annexed the entire city during the 1967 Six Day War, East Jerusalem – containing the famous Old City – is still claimed by Palestine.
With many in the international community acknowledging East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state, Israeli sovereignty over the whole city has not been recognised.
The holy city has been at the heart of violent conflicts throughout history because it is home to key religious sites sacred to Judaism, Christianity and Islam.
The population of Jerusalem is roughly 850,000, with two-thirds Jewish and a third Arab. Most neighbourhoods are divided on religious lines.
While Israel's government and parliament are based in Jerusalem, the nation's economic and business centre is in Tel Aviv.
Tel Aviv is also home to many foreign embassies including the UK's and, until May 2018, the USA's.
4 Jerusalem has been at the heart of violent conflicts throughout history
Why was there a UN vote and which countries voted against the UN resolution?
The UN General Assembly held a rare emergency special session at the request of Arab and Muslim states, after Trump's shock decision heightened tensions in the Middle East.
The resolution effectively called on the US to withdraw its recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and was backed by the overwhelming majority of members.
A total of 128 countries voted for the resolution on December 21, 2017.
Just nine voted no: the US and Israel, plus Guatemala, Honduras, the Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, Palau and Togo.
Thirty-five nations abstained, including Canada, Mexico and Australia, and 21 countries didn't turn up for the vote.
The vote came after US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley issued a direct threat, saying that the US will think twice about funding the world body if it voted to condemn Trump's decision.
She said: "The United States will remember this day in which it was singled out for attack in this assembly."

Haley said the US will put its embassy in Jerusalem regardless of the vote.
Reuters4 Palestinians are burning pictures of Donald Trump in Bethlehem

Why did Trump move the embassy and why is it so controversial?
The new US embassy in Jerusalem opened with great fanfare on May 14, 2018.
President Trump did not attend but sent a delegation to the ceremony including his daughter Ivanka Trump, her husband Jared Kushner, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan.
In December 2017, announcing his "long overdue" decision, Trump said he was acting "in the best interest of the US and the pursuit of peace" in the region.
The US is the first major country to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital since the Jewish state was created in 1948.
The President slammed the stance of his predecessors, saying: "We cannot solve our problems by repeating the same failed strategies of the past.
"After more than two decades of wavers, we are no closer to a lasting peace agreement."
However, many world leaders condemned the move, with fears it could could spark further bloodshed in the region and disrupt attempts to reach a two-state solution.
Theresa May reiterated the UK's support for continued negotiation, saying that she wants the two countries to have the city as a "shared capital".
She said: "We continue to support a two-state solution. We recognise the importance of Jerusalem."
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Jerusalem was the "eternal capital of the State of Palestine".
In a scathing rebuke, he described Trump’s speech as "a declaration of withdrawal from the role the US has played in the peace process."
France's Emmanuel Macron called on the White House to step back from the announcement, while Pope Francis defended the "status quo" of the city as he prayed that "wisdom and prudence prevail".
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said: "From day one I have consistently spoken out against any unilateral measures that would jeopardise the prospect of peace for Israelis and Palestinians."
The announcement sparked scenes of protest and flag-burning in Palestinian territories and across the Middle East.
AFP or licensors4 Prince William at the Western or Wailing Wall in Jerusalem
Why is Prince William caught up in a diplomatic row over Jerusalem's status?
Prince William made the first ever official visit to the Holy Land by a member of the Royal Family in June 2018.
He met dignitaries in Israel and Palestine during his goodwill mission.
But a description of his itinerary prompted a diplomatic storm.
Kensington Palace said a day "in the Occupied Palestinian Territories will begin with a short briefing on the history and geography of Jerusalem's Old City from a viewing point at the Mount of Olives".
LATEST ON DONALD TRUMPGAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack CLASH OF THE TITANS Huawei boss warns ‘there will be conflict’ with US as spy row deepens PLAYING WITH FIRE Iran warns Trump is playing 'dangerous game' as Tehran snubs talks offer SPY IN THE SKY China-made drones for kids may be harvesting users' data, US warns TOUGH TALK Iran brands Trump ‘crazy’ for expecting nuke talks while ramping up sanctions HUA-WAIT UK delays Huawei 5G announcement until after Trump's state visit 

 
Israel's Jerusalem Affairs Minister Ze'ev Elki accused Britain of "politicising" the royal visit.
He said: "United Jerusalem has been the capital of Israel for 3,000 years and no distortion in the tour itinerary can change that reality."
Kensington Palace declined to comment.
Prince William met Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, President of Israel Reuven Rivlin and Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu.
US President Donald Trump says, 'it is time to officially recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel' 

