Where is Prescot and why did the New York Times call it a ‘casualty of Britain’s age of austerity’?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6408989/prescot-new-york-times-britain-age-of-austerity/
30th May 2018, 10:48 am
PRESCOT is at the centre of a media storm after it was cited by the New York Times as a "casualty of Britain's age of austerity".
But where is the town, and what did the US broadsheet say about it? Here's what we know so far...
Google Maps2 The public library building in Prescot, Lancashire. The US writer's claims that the library has been shut down was denied by locals
Where is Prescot?
Prescot is a town and parish within the Borough of Knowsley in Merseyside, England.
It lies eight miles east of Liverpool City Centre.
The 2011 census recorded a population of around 14,139 residents.
Why did the New York Times call it a 'casualty of Britain’s age of austerity'?
Writing in the New York Times on May 28, journalist Peter S.Goodman describes Prescot as a diminished town whose council is "desperately seeking to turn assets into cash".
The US writer says: "A walk through this modest town in the north west of England amounts to a tour of the casualties of Britain’s age of austerity."
He claims the old library building has been turned into a luxury home, while taking in the "razed" leisure centre and the "shuttered" police station.
Goodman says Prescot demonstrates a "monumental shift in British life" - which he says was heralded by the start of austerity measures introduced by the Conservative Government in 2010.
The New York Times Europe economics correspondent pointed out that Britain was "looking less like the rest of Europe" and was instead becoming more like the US thanks to its shrinking welfare state and growing poverty.
And he claims: "In the blue-collar reaches of northern England, in places like Liverpool, modern history tends to be told in the cadence of lamentation, as the story of one indignity after another."
MerseyFire.gov2 Prescot Community Fire and Police Station, which the journalist claimed was 'shuttered'
What have locals said about the article?
Locals have hit back at the piece, saying the services are open and that the town "hasn't looked this promising in decades".
The local paper also shared a number of articles defending the town - including a piece entitled "Why Prescot is on the Up".
It talks of the new theatre coming to Prescot and its "key role in English theatrical history", along with plans for a new cinema.
The article finishes: "We’ve felt the effects of government austerity in Prescot, and we’ve lost some things.
"But we are gaining a lot, too, and Prescot’s future hasn’t looked this promising for decades.
"And that is why this story in Monday’s New York Times story tells only half the story."
Other locals took to social media to defend the town, saying it had been "painted as a lost cause".
MOST READ NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
They added: "Some #Prescot people pretty angry about @petersgoodman's article in the @nytimes yesterday. It's not that we defend austerity.
"We have suffered under it. But Prescot is on the up *despite* government cuts, and there's a wave of investment on the back of the new theatre."
"Story mentioned all the bad stuff and none of the good stuff (which is pretty major), which painted a picture of Prescot as a lost cause. Gah."

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




