Jeremy McConnell launches joint custody battle for son Caben after ex Stephanie Davis accused him of not ‘paying a penny’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6247534/jeremy-mcconnell-joint-custody-bid-son-caben-albi-stephanie-davis/
9th May 2018, 4:19 pm
JEREMY McConnell has launched a battle for joint custody of his son in a move that will infuriate ex-girlfriend Stephanie Davis.
The troubled reality star, 28, started legal proceedings for the rights to see one-year-old Caben-Albi last month – after feeling as though his own life is back on track.
6 Jeremy McConnell is launching a bid to obtain shared custody of his one-year-old son Caben-Albi
Stephanie accused Jeremy of not “paying a penny” towards his son and “never asking to see him” after he wished the tot Happy Birthday on social media in January.
She said: “You are no role model to your son so don’t act like you give a damn.
“As if you did you would have been there in his life – not partying and being a total disgrace.
“No Christmas or birthday present LET ALONE A CARD so drop the act.”
Rex Features6 The troubled ex-model believes his own life is 'back on track' after previously admitting to months of partying and substance abuse
PA:Press Association6 The move is likely to infuriate ex-girlfriend Stephanie Davis who's been raising Caben on her own
But now Jeremy is hoping to finally prove that he’s ready to be a father – following his emotional appearance on the Jeremy Kyle show.
A source said: “Jeremy has worked hard the last few months to get his life back on track.
“He always made it clear that he didn’t want to start this process until he was in a good place and now he feels like he’s in a stable position.
“It is an extremely complicated situation given his history with Stephanie but everyone’s hoping that in time he can start to be included in Caben’s life.”
6 Jeremy reckons he is now in a position to take an active role in the toddler’s life
During his appearance on Jeremy Kyle in March the former Celebrity Big Brother star told the host that he missed his son and was looking to the future in the hope of having a relationship with him.
He said: “The incident happened, I went to court, the restraining order was put in place – I can go through the correct channels to see my son.
JEREMY McConnell snuggles with son Caben-Albi in Instagram video
Instagram6 Stephanie accused Jeremy of not 'paying a penny' towards his son and for 'never asking to see him'
6 Jeremy previously admitted to missing his son and that he looked to the future for the chance to be in his life
Jeremy McConnell breaks down after Jeremy Kyle questions if he thinks he's a good father to Steph Davis' son 
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZTHE STAGE IS SET Spice Girls send fans wild with first look at 90s-style reunion tour stage BLACK MOURNING Alabama 3 singer Jake Black who wrote The Sopranos theme song dies SCREEN TIME As Game of Thrones ends, here's how long it takes to watch TV classic series DRESSED TO KILL Killing Eve's Jodie Comer spotted in killer outfit on set of her new movie DO YA THINK I'M SEX-SEA Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster grab some rock & stroll in Southend MEG'S BATTLE Megan Barton-Hanson had surgery to avoid 'pain' of looking in the mirror 
“I want to just move forward now and see my son. I miss and love him – I love him to bits.”
Jeremy was sentenced to 20 weeks in prison and 200 hours community service after being found guilty of assaulting Stephanie.
He’s also banned from contacting the former Hollyoaks actress after being given a three-year restraining order by the courts.

