Meghan Markle’s half-brother Thomas Jr tells Prince Harry marrying his sister is ‘worst mistake in royal history’ in warning letter
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6190342/meghan-markle-brother-thomas-jr-prince-harry-letter-wedding-warning/
3rd May 2018, 8:29 am
MEGHAN Markle's half-brother has warned Prince Harry his marriage to the US actress will be the "biggest mistake in royal wedding history".
In an explosive open letter, the Suits star's estranged relative, Thomas Markle Jr,  told the 33-year-old royal to call off the upcoming nuptials, blasting it as a "fake fairy tale".
In Touch7 The letter was addressed to Harry, saying Meghan's 'tiny bit of Hollywood fame' had gone to her head
In Touch7 The open letter warned Harry that it wasn't too late to cancel the wedding
Thomas' letter, published in In Touch Weekly, warned: "As more time passes to your royal wedding it becomes very clear that this is the biggest mistake in royal history."
Thomas, who shares a father with Meghan, added: "Meghan Markle is obviously not the right woman for you.
"I'm confused why you don't see the real Meghan that the whole world now sees.
"Meghan's attempt to act the part of a princess like a below C average Hollywood actress is getting old."
The bombshell note comes just two weeks before Harry and Meghan are expected to tie the knot at St George's Chapel.
In Touch7 The open letter was shared with In Touch magazine
7 Thomas Markle Jr wrote a letter warning Prince Harry it wasn't too late to call off the wedding

 
The lack of a wedding invite for Thomas also appeared to still be a sore spot, with the brother of the future Duchess of Sussex, adding: "Not to mention, to top it all off, she doesn't invite her own family and instead invites complete strangers to the wedding. Who does that?"
The 51-year-old, from Oregon, also claimed that Meghan had abandoned their father, despite him pouring money into her career when she first started out.
He wrote: "What kind of person starts out by using her own father until he's bankrupt, then forgets about him in Mexico leaving him broke, over mostly all her debts.
"And when it's time to pay him back she forgets her own father like she never knew him.
Meghan Markle looks radiant in low cut green dress as she and Prince Harry meet Aussie PM at Invictus Games reception
AP:Associated Press7 Meghan and Harry will tie the knot in just a few weeks
PA:Press Association7 Meghan and Harry met through a mutual friend
EPA7 Meghan will join the royal family after the May 19 nuptials
"It's very apparent that her tiny bit of Hollywood fame has gone to her head."
Describing his sister as a "jaded, shallow and conceited woman", Thomas said that he had thought a royal wedding would bring their "torn family" closer together.
He wrote: "Meghan is still my sister, she is family. So whatever happens is up to her, whether she wants to forget knowing me or the rest of her family, family comes first."
It's not the first time that he has hit out, previously saying that Meghan was "forgetting her roots".
Kensington Palace declined to comment.
While Meghan's mum, Doria Ragland, will be watching proudly on and father Thomas Snr is expected to give her away – the rest of the Markle clan have not been given an invite.
MOST READ IN NEWS DYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Preparations for the royal wedding have hit fever pitch, with just over two weeks to go until the big day.
Prince Harry and Meghan have invited 2,640 members of the public to their big day, including 1,200 people who have demonstrated strong leadership in their communities.
Around 600 people have been invited to the actual service, which will take place at St George's Chapel on May 19.
Prince William will be his brother's best man, while the young royal's ushers will include Tom Inskip, Charlie Van Straubenzee, Tom Van Straubenzee, Adam Bidwell, Arthur Landon, William Van Cutsem and Mark Dyer.
Meanwhile, Meghan's bridesmaids will include her best friend Jessica Mulroney and Lindsay Roth, who is a friend from university.
Princess Charlotte, Benita Litt's twin girls and Ivy Mulroney are all expected to be flower girls.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have selected the Ascot Landau carriage for their procession through Windsor Town after their wedding


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.



