Tom Daley and Dustin Lance Black celebrate their baby shower as they prepare to become first-time dads
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6113493/tom-daley-dustin-lance-black-baby-shower/
22nd April 2018, 9:28 am
TOM Daley and Dustin Lance Black have hosted their baby shower as they prepare to become first-time dads.
The couple threw a lavish party to celebrate as their baby's due date approaches.
Instagram3 Tom Daley and Dustin Lance Black celebrated their baby shower
Tom, 23, and his husband Dustin, 43, are preparing to welcome their first child via surrogate and both uploaded snaps of the bash to Instagram as they shared their excitement.
They both wore sashes emblazoned with the words 'Daddy to be' and gold glasses saying 'Oh baby!' on them
The bash featured a mountain of food, balloons and cake as the pair partied with friends and family.
Dustin shared a picture of the couple standing by the food table, writing: "DADS to be. #BabyShower!"
Instagram3 The couple wore matching glasses at the bash
The couple announced their baby news in a sweet Valentine's Day post, and Tom later revealed they are having a boy.
Speaking on Fearne Cotton's Happy Place podcast, Tom said: "We're going to have a little boy".
The Olympic diver also hit back at criticism about their decision to use a surrogate and even compared their situation to Kim Kardahian's.
Kim welcomed her third child, daughter Chicago, by surrogate after doctors told her it was too dangerous for her to get pregnant again.
Instagram3 Tom Daley and husband Dustin Lance Black are expecting a baby boy
He said: "People almost felt sorry for her that she's not able to have a child because of health reasons, how lovely it is that a surrogate has been willing to do that.
But for every other gay couple that isn't able to have a child but desperately would love to bring up a child, just like any heterosexual couple, we have been treated quite differently.
"There are lots of people in this world that can't have kids, whether it's due to fertility issues or health issues, whatever it may be, I don't think there would be as much drama if it was a straight couple."
Tom Daley draws attention to LGBTQ communities across Commonwealth after taking gold at Gold Coast 2018
Most Read In TV & ShowbizExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 
The pair have refused to say which of them is the biological father but Dustin said they want to have "biological connection" to their child.
He said: "There was something for both of us where we felt deeply that we'd like to complete that connection first when creating our family...
"To have a biological connection to our past, to bring that into our present and let that grow into the future. At least at first, for the first couple."
 

