Meghan Markle’s sister tells Prince Harry to ‘MAN UP’ amid spiralling row over Royal Wedding invites
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6085470/6085470/
18th April 2018, 5:16 pm
MEGHAN Markle's half-sister has kicked off over invites to the Royal wedding for the second time in a week  – this time calling on Prince Harry to "man up".
Furious Samantha Markle had already hit out after her sibling snubbed the Markle clan in an invite list of about 600 guests whom she branded “complete strangers”.
SPLASH NEWS AND PICTURES7 MS sufferer Samantha, pictured, claims no one from her family made the coveted guest list
She had last week urged her sister to do the "morally right thing" and invite the entire family to the event at Windsor Castle on May 19.
But now she has turned on Prince Harry for “allowing” it to happen. 
Samantha tweeted: "It’s time to “man up” @HRHHenryWindsor “Shout outs” about humanitarianism, don’t work when you are allowing Meg to ignore the Markles.
"It is s [sic] contradiction.
"Someone must point out that the “Emperor is not wearing any clothes”.

PA:Press Association7 Samantha hit-out after the couple sent out around 600 invites to their celebrations
After the ceremony more than 2,500 members of the public will help celebrate the royal couple’s big day.
But last Thursday Samantha, who lives in Florida, USA, vented her fury on Twitter at the guest plan.
She tweeted: "Out of respect and humanitarianism, the Markles should be invited if 2,000 complete strangers are.
"Our uncle, brother, me, best friend of 30 years, nephews. Our issue is not a matter of closeness. Family is family."
Prince Harry's fiancée is still close to her dad Thomas Markle, even though the 73-year-old lives a quiet life near Rosarito in Mexico.
It's not yet known if he'll walk his daughter down the aisle.
7 Meghan Markle's half sister, Samantha Markle, pictured at her graduation with the bride-to-be in 2008
Splash News7 Meghan with mum, Doria, who is expected to attend the wedding
Doria, who joined the couple at the Invictus Games last year, is expected to come.
MS sufferer Samantha, who has her sister in her Twitter profile picture, previously said: "The Markle family is looking forward to our wedding invite.
"No one has one yet. Still waiting."
Fans rushed to reassure Samantha and said the gold-gilded invitations could just be taking a long time to get to America.
But Samantha said: "Well, everyone is making arrangements and it's difficult to organise everything as you can imagine."
Around 1,200 guests at the Royal wedding on May 19 will be members of the public from a range of backgrounds and ages.
Splash News7 Meghan recently shared this family snap of her with mum Doria
Splash News7 This picture shows Meghan as a tot with dad Thomas
PA:Press Association7 The couple are getting hitched at Windsor Castle and have invited members of the public to help celebrate their big day
Among those lucky enough to receive an invitation are young people who have shown strong leadership and served their communities.
The couple are also inviting 610 Windsor Castle community members, including residents of Windsor Castle and members of the St George's Chapel community, and 530 members of the royal households and Crown Estate.
About half of the public invited will sit in on the actual service, in St George's Chapel , while a further 200 will be from charities and organisations the couple have a close connection with.
Another 100 guests will be from two local schools.
Meghan Markle's half-sister Samantha has said the future Royal should step up to the plate and help their bankrupt father Thomas 
most read in newsZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ‘HEINOUS ABUSE’ Girl, 3, dies after being 'raped and battered by stepdad while mum watched' SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk MIRACLE TOT Toddler, 3, survives plunging 30ft and being impaled on 6ft-long rod SISTER'S DESPAIR I believe she's dead, says sister of missing Costa del Sol waitress 'I WANTED TO GET RID OF HER' Mum, 21, abandoned daughter, 2, to ‘spend time with boyfriend' 
The invitations read: "His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales K.G., K.T. requests the pleasure of the company of …… at the Marriage of His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales with Ms Meghan Markle at St George’s Chapel, Windsor Castle on Saturday 19th May 2018 at 12 Noon followed by a reception at Windsor Castle."
The invitation stipulates a strict dress code with men asked to don military uniform or a morning coat and lounge hat, and women asked to wear a day dress and hat.
A Kensington Palace spokesman declined to comment on both tweets.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




