Brad Pitt’s new ‘girlfriend’ Neri Oxman looks just like his ex Angelina Jolie as she’s spotted carrying a bunch of flowers
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6075231/brad-pitt-neri-oxman-looks-like-angelia-jolie/
17th April 2018, 4:37 pm
BRAD Pitt’s rumoured new girlfriend Neri Oxman looked just like Angelina Jolie as she stepped out in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The 42-year-old professor took a leaf out of the famous actress’ book wearing an all-black outfit with a pair of large shades.
BackGrid6 Neri Oxman was seen arriving back home with a bunch of flowers
She carried a rucksack on her back, in which she carried a large bunch of flowers.
Her stylish look was completed with a turban style head band and a pair of black heeled boots.
Earlier this month it was reported that Brad has been dating the renowned architect for six months.
The A-list hunk, 54, who split from Angelina Jolie in 2016, became friends with the Israeli-American late last year when he teamed up with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor to work on an architectural project.
BackGrid6 She carried the flowers in her back pack
BackGrid6 Neri opted for a familiar looking all black outfit
Getty Images - Getty6 Brad's ex wife often wore a similar look
A student at MIT shared a picture of herself and friends with Brad inside the lab on November 28, but Neri wasn't in the shot, which started speculation they were dating.
A photograph of Brad and Neri is said to have been uploaded to social media around the same time but was soon deleted.
Brad is known for his interest in architecture, founding the Make It Right Foundation in 2007.
The charity designs and builds affordable and energy-efficient homes for communities in need.
Carmen Zino/Instagram6 Brad posed with fans when he visited the MIT professor's media lab
Most Read In TV & Showbiz ExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 
Brad launched the foundation in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, and its efforts have since moved from beyond New Orleans to countries around the world.
While Brad and Neri's relationship isn't a full blown romance just yet, a source told Page Six there is definitely potential there.
They said: "Brad and Neri instantly hit it off because they share the same passion for architecture, design and art. This is best described as a professional friendship.'
"Their friendship has not turned into romance … as both are cautious and this is, again, more of a professional friendship, but Brad is very interested in spending more time with Neri, she is fascinating."
Neri was previously married to Grammy Award-winning composer Osvaldo Golijov. Her work has been exhibited around the world and she has given numerous talks on the marriage of design, technology and biology.
Getty - Contributor6 Brad has reportedly been dating Neri for six months
Angelina Jolie opens up about her divorce from Brad Pitt and looks to the future  

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


