What it’s like to die online: These chronically ill vloggers are turning to YouTube to share their lives – and deaths
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/6043819/cancer-vloggers-youtube-death-illness/
13th April 2018, 4:09 pm
ELLIE Waters’ vlog looks like that of any other 14-year-old girl - she chats candidly to the camera in her messy bedroom, framed family photos on the shelves and a colourful line of nail polish within easy reach.
But she’s not like any other teenager: she has cancer, and her YouTube channel is dedicated to charting her heart-breaking battle with the disease.
14 Grinning Ellie looks just like any other teenager, but her life is far from ordinary
Ellie, from Northamptonshire, was diagnosed in 2015, a fact she first shared online in a YouTube debut titled “My Cancer Story.”
Her long brown locks have been stolen by chemo, and a tube disappears up her nostril, but Ellie doesn’t appear resentful or morose in the video, which has notched up nearly 300,000 views since it was uploaded in 2016.
With one in two people expected to be diagnosed with some form of cancer, talking openly about the disease is nothing new.
But now, you can also follow the unfiltered highs and lows of a cancer patient in real time at the click of a mouse, a development made possible by the rise of online vlogging.
14 Ellie's open, frank approach to her health has given her vlogs a massive following
Type “my cancer story” into YouTube and you’ll see she’s just one in a 13 million-long list of search results.
For Ellie, who is now in remission, YouTube was a way of overcoming the isolation brought on by the illness.
“During the cancer treatment I couldn’t go out, meet my friends or go to school,” she tells Sun Online. “With very little energy, YouTube became an enjoyable and easy hobby for me to do.”
The positive reaction to her first clip spurred Ellie on to keep charting her journey through her vlogs, and her subsequent videos are full of frank insight and disarming humour.
All the ups and downs are laid bare on YouTube: from her mum accidentally spilling her “chemo-wee” filled bedpans (much to the nurse’s horror) to Ellie’s difficulties readjusting to school life and coming to terms with infertility at 16.
14 Ellie is now in remission, but has said that the vlogs helped her to come to terms with her cancer
14 Ellie is one of many people documenting their illness online and gaining a huge support network in the process
Less than a year to live: Emily Hayward, 24
The trend has grown massively over the past few years, but sharing such an intimate and upsetting journey isn’t easy.
It took Emily Hayward, from Bromley, a year to pluck up the courage to talk about her terminal melanoma on camera.
The gym-honed 24-year-old’s clips were predominantly fitness videos in the past but nowadays she is more likely to film at Royal Marsden cancer hospital than her local gym.
14 Emily, 24, has been given months to live - but that hasn't stopped her from making the most out of every possible moment
The former personal trainer is now seven years into a cancer battle that began with a mole on her calf.
“From the calf, the cancer spread to my lymph nodes, then to my liver and lung, chest and up to the brain and down to my left hip, which is currently the biggest site,” she tells me, in the chatty, matter-of-fact tone you’ll hear on her videos.
This tone persists, even when she casually revealed on camera last month that she has been given less than a year to live.
14 Emily worked as a personal trainer before her diagnosis seven years ago
For the 24-year-old, life has become a whirlwind of hospital visits and wedding planning.
Her vlogs seamlessly flit between shots of her and her fiancee, Aisha, in Nandos and the monotony of hospital waiting rooms.
She shares everything from her “scanxiety” when waiting for results to shots of her undertaking radiotherapy, swallowing the dizzying cocktail of medication which has been keeping her alive.
14 Emily is planning to marry her fiancee, Aisha, and vlogs openly about their relationship and the effects of her illness on the pair
The fitness fanatic has more than 20,000 subscribers, and finds strength in the positive reception her clips get.
“I get a buzz from uploading a video,” she says. “The reaction makes you feel great, and motivates you to be well again the next day.
“As the videos have gone on, I've become more and more like myself. It's actually changed me as a person.
“I always knew that I was going to die young from cancer but maybe not this young, so we're still trying to maximise life”.
14 Many people have been in touch with Emily to say that her vlogs have helped them come to terms with their own ill health
When watching her videos, it’s hard not be floored by her upbeat attitude and unwavering lust for life.
Every upload is flooded with comments from people finding solace in her story, and vowing to live their lives more like her:
“The other day a lady with cancer got in touch and said: ‘You’ve taught me how to die’. She was in a state of depression and said I’d helped her cope with it better.”
14 Life is a whirlwind of hospital visits and wedding planning for Ellie and Aisha, who smile happily despite these exceptionally difficult circumstances
Vlogger Emily Hayward determined to make the most of life following a terminal diagnosis
Rare tumour: Tabs Headington, 18
With cyber bullying and the threat of an internet troll lurking behind every keyboard, it takes a brave soul to reveal what could potentially be their final months, weeks or days for the world to see.
But for Tabs Headington, 18, who was diagnosed with synovial sarcomas, an aggressive type of cancer, uploading a vlog about her condition felt like the natural thing to do.
14 Tabs decicded to channel her love of social media after receiving her diagnosis
Tabs, from the Isle of Wight, told us: “I have always been a sucker for social media, but obviously I didn’t expect it to turn out quite like this.”
Now in remission, Tabs vlogs about her vegan lifestyle and recovery, but she has been told  by viewers to “get off her high horse” for promoting a plant-based diet - and not agreeing with everything her doctors told her.
In response to her critics, she says, she would be in a very different place if she hadn’t done her own research: “My tumour was very rare and it was quite big at the time I got it removed, and because of the rarity we all decided it would be best to do integrated medicine.”
14 Tabs is now in remission, and vlogs about the benefits of her plant-based lifetstyle, which has led to some controversy
Vlogger Tabs Headington's advice on what to do if you have been diagnosed with cancer
Sick bloggers in the States

Earlier this year, popular YouTuber Mari Lopez died from the cancer she claimed had been cured by her vegan and raw plant based diet, suggesting that these inspirational videos can also be carriers of false hope and misinformation.
In the US, views for cancer vlogs regularly reach into the millions.
Talia Joy Castellano became an internet celebrity through her dynamic makeup tutorials and vlogs chronicling her battle with neuroblastoma, a rare pediatric cancer of the peripheral nerve system. She passed away in 2013, just a month before her 14th birthday. At the time of her death, her channel had more than 750,000 subscribers and 45 million video views. Even after her death, her Instagram feed @taliajoy18 has more than 1,000,000 followers.


Living on borrowed time: Daniel Thomas, 32
Comments haven’t always been kind to Daniel Thomas either.
The 32-year-old, based in Weston-Super-Mare, was diagnosed with sarcomatoid carcinoma, an aggressive and very rare cancer, in 2015.
14 Daniel Thomas was diagnosed with a very rare form of cancer in 2015, and feels he is living on "borrowed time"
When he’s not pulling silly faces and cracking jokes at the lens, the mental and physical pain of a terminal outlook is obvious.
“My original prognosis three years ago was four to six months,” he says. "Nowadays the general consensus is that I am living on borrowed time.
“For me, day-to-day life is really hard, I have a lot of cancer in me and it is making me very weak and tired. I do miss being a normal person.”
14 Daniel says he misses being a normal person, and is unable to work due to his illness
Due to the sheer number of hospital appointments, his fatigue and the impact of mini-strokes, Daniel is unable to work and fills his days with maintaining his online presence.
He is one of very few men vlogging about life with terminal cancer and has spoken out about his struggles with mental illness and attempted suicide.
Daniel tells us: “People can be cruel, I have been told to die, that I am faking it and loads of other abuse.”
Daniel has been accused of vlogging to boost his finances, but insists he is not interested in money, “I have no need for it the state I am in,” he tells us.
Similarly, Emily who is regularly showered in gifts, flowers and cards from well-wishers says she would never monetise her channel.
Tabs, however, who is in remission sees a future career in social media: "I’d love to build a brand around myself, and hopefully my social media will generate some money one day too, but nutrition is my goal for now."
14 Daniel set up a fund for research into his condition vlogs to challenge the misconceptions and myths surrounding the disease
Daniel says maintaining followers is hard and involves interacting and posting regularly, which obviously becomes increasingly difficult as the cancer spreads and surgery or treatment take centre stage.
But the former software developer isn’t just doing this for the likes.
He has set up a Go Fund Me page to fund research into his condition and a vlog to challenge the misconceptions and myths surrounding the disease.
And through YouTube Daniel has fostered a community he can confide in, and who can share life-changing support and information about life with cancer.
Watch this terminally ill cancer patient Daniel Thomas discuss what his illness has taught him
More inspirational stories from people battling cancerCREME DE LA CREME Tube of NHS 'wonder' cream can 'reverse sun damage and stop skin cancer' BAD SNOOZE Snoring or waking up exhausted 'could be linked to cancer', experts warn CHILLING SIGN Mum spots daughter's cancer after noticing white glow in her eye in photo GET LIPPY From cervical to vaginal cancer - learn the symptoms that kill 21 women every day EAT YOUR GREENS Broccoli could be the 'secret weapon' in the fight against cancer GAME CHANGER Cancer could be CURED in 10 years, thanks to new drugs, scientists reveal 
Similarly, now 16-year-old Ellie Waters finds comfort in the same online community that can emerge out of a 10-minute vlog.
“It is the best feeling when I get messages from fellow cancer fighters telling me they have benefitted from my videos”, she says.
“It makes me feel as if I got cancer for a reason – so that I could help others.”

