Brad Pitt watches LA Dodgers baseball game as he’s seen for first time since being linked to award  winning scientist Neri Oxman
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6028931/brad-pitt-neri-oxman-la-dodgers-baseball-dating-divorce-angelina-jolie/
11th April 2018, 6:30 pm
BRAD Pitt looked happy and relaxed as he enjoyed a boys night out, after being linked to award winning scientist Neri Oxman.
The Hollywood hunk, 54, was spotted watching the LA Dodgers baseball game, and it was the first time he has been seen since it was reported he had been spending time with the stunning professor, 42.
Getty - Contributor9 Brad Pitt looked happy and relaxed as he took in a baseball game
Getty - Contributor9 It's the first time he's been seen since being linked to university professer Neri Oxman
The World War Z actor, who is only just getting his divorce from Angelina Jolie finalised, was seen smiling as he cheered on his team from the front row.
Keeping things casual, Brad was dressed in a white t-shirt and jeans, and wore a flat cap.
He was seen laughing a joking with his friends, as the guys took in the baseball match.
These new snaps come just a day after The Sun reported how Brad and Neri, who is also an architect, have reportedly become close over the last six months.
AP:Associated Press9 The actor was enjoying a boys night out at the LA Dodgers game
Getty - Contributor9 He kept things casual in a flatcap and white t-short
Getty - Contributor9 The actor was joined by his guy friends for the night out
Getty - Contributor9 He looked like he was having fun as he chatted with his freinds
The A-list star reportedly became friends with the Israeli-American late last year when he teamed up with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor to work on an architectural project.
A student at MIT shared a picture of herself and friends with Brad inside the lab on November 28, but Neri wasn't in the shot.
The starstruck student captioned the picture: "Ocean’s six? #whatjusthappened #bradpitt #medialab."
A photograph of Brad and Neri is said to have been uploaded to social media around the same time but was soon deleted.
Getty Images - Getty9 Brad has struck up a close friendship with Neri Oxman
Carmen Zino/Instagram9 Brad and Neri  have reportedly grown close over the last six months, after a picture of the actor visiting the MIT professor's media lab has emerged
Brad is known for his interest in architecture, founding the Make It Right Foundation in 2007.
The charity designs and builds affordable and energy-efficient homes for communities in need.
Brad launched the foundation in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, and its efforts have since moved from beyond New Orleans to countries around the world.
 
Getty Images - Getty9 Brad  and Angelina Jolie are finally set to settle their previously bitter divorce within weeks
While Brad and Neri's relationship isn't a full blown romance just yet, a source told Page Six there is definitely potential there.
They said: "Brad and Neri instantly hit it off because they share the same passion for architecture, design and art.
"Their friendship has not turned into romance … as both are cautious and this is, again, more of a professional friendship, but Brad is very interested in spending more time with Neri, she is fascinating."
More on Brad Pitthollywood hunks Brad and Leonardo look doubly dashing at Once Upon a Time in Hollywood prem PITT'S WORLD Get to know Brad Pitt, his net worth, his wives and his impressive filmography CommentLORRAINE KELLY Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston's love is like a souffle, you can't reheat it KELL OF A TIME Kelly Brook played board games with Brad Pitt when she dated Jason Statham ExclusiveHOME TRUTHS Brad Pitt denies he's bought £60.5m dream house for Jennifer Aniston's birthday ExclusiveMOVE IS THE PITTS Angelina Jolie's plan to move kids to UK for her film upsets ex Brad Pitt PITTED AGAINST EACH OTHER Lowdown on why Brad and Angelina split and if they'll reunite ExclusivePITT SPLIT U-TURN Angelina Jolie wants to get back together with Brad Pitt jolie new couple? Are Angelina Jolie and Colin Farrell dating? LA STORY All about Tarantino's Once Upon a Time in Hollywood starring Brad Pitt MY EROGENOUS THRONES Emilia Clarke bares all ahead of Game Of Thrones final season ExclusiveMORE THAN FRIENDS? Courteney Cox grins when asked if Jen and Brad will get back together 
Neri was previously married to Grammy Award-winning composer Osvaldo Golijov.
Her work has been exhibited around the world and she has given numerous talks on the marriage of design, technology and biology.
Earlier this month The Sun exclusively revealed Brad and Angelina have called a truce and will settle their previously bitter divorce within weeks.
Angelina Jolie opens up about her divorce from Brad Pitt and looks to the future  

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

