Brad Pitt and uni professor Neri Oxman ‘have been seeing each other for SIX months’ following Angelina Jolie split
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6013819/brad-pitt-neri-oxman-dating-angelina-jolie-split/
10th April 2018, 8:14 am
BRAD Pitt and renowned architect Neri Oxman have reportedly been dating for six months after a picture of the actor visiting the MIT professor's media lab emerged.
The A-list hunk, 54, became friends with the Israeli-American, 42, late last year when he teamed up with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor to work on an architectural project.
Carmen Zino/Instagram6 Brad Pitt and renowned architect Neri Oxman have reportedly been dating for six months after a picture of the actor visiting the MIT professor's media lab has emerged
A student at MIT shared a picture of herself and friends with Brad inside the lab on November 28, but Neri wasn't in the shot.
The starstruck student captioned the picture: "Ocean’s six? #whatjusthappened #bradpitt #medialab."
A photograph of Brad and Neri is said to have been uploaded to social media around the same time but was soon deleted.
Brad is known for his interest in architecture, founding the Make It Right Foundation in 2007.
Getty Images - Getty6 Neri's expertise in environmental design made her the ideal candidate to work with Brad, whose foundation creates energy-efficient homes
Getty Images - Getty6 Brad is known for his interest in architecture, founding the Make It Right Foundation in 2007
The charity designs and builds affordable and energy-efficient homes for communities in need.
Brad launched the foundation in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, and its efforts have since moved from beyond New Orleans to countries around the world.
While Brad and Neri's relationship isn't a full blown romance just yet, a source told Page Six there is definitely potential there.
They said: "Brad and Neri instantly hit it off because they share the same passion for architecture, design and art. This is best described as a professional friendship.'
Getty6 Neri was previously married to Grammy Award-winning composer Osvaldo Golijov
"Their friendship has not turned into romance … as both are cautious and this is, again, more of a professional friendship, but Brad is very interested in spending more time with Neri, she is fascinating."
Neri was previously married to Grammy Award-winning composer Osvaldo Golijov. Her work has been exhibited around the world and she has given numerous talks on the marriage of design, technology and biology.
Earlier this month The Sun exclusively revealed Brad and Angelina have called a truce and will settle their previously bitter divorce within weeks.
Angelina, 42, has now agreed to give Brad access to their six children.
Getty Images - Getty6 Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are finally set to settle their previously bitter divorce within weeks
Lawyers for Hollywood’s former star couple are putting the finishing touches on the agreement.
It is expected to be filed imminently after they received court approval to continue negotiating in February.
The amicable formal end to the marriage is in stark contrast to the public warfare after their break-up.
A source close to Angelina revealed: “The terms of the divorce are now agreed.
“They are being finalised by both legal teams, but will be filed within weeks.
“It’s a huge turnaround from where the marriage ended, especially given the claims Angelina made against Brad, but they are now on pretty good terms.
“Both decided it was crucial for the children that they had a respectful relationship.
The key thing is that they agree to custody sharing, with Brad having access and working with Angelina on logistic issues about work and travel.
Handout - Getty6 There were accusations the actor was involved in a physical clash with his son
MOST READ IN BIZARREExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser ExclusiveSINGER'S BOMBSHELL X Factor’s Tracyleanne Jefford diagnosed with skin cancer on her nose ExclusiveNEVER FORGETS Former TOWIE star Lydia Bright brands ex James Argent as fat as an ’elephant’ 'INAPPROPRIATE' Natalie Portman slams 'creepy' Moby for making move on her when she was 18 LOOSE WOMAN Loose Women star Coleen Nolan reveals she once had sex in a car park READY FOR AFTERS Ainsley Harriott and James Martin in talks to bring back Ready Steady Cook 
“There were rumours the divorce was being called off, but that’s not the case.”
The pair split in 2016, with Angelina requesting sole custody of the kids.
There were accusations Brad was involved in a physical clash with son Maddox, 16, on a plane.
A temporary deal last year gave him visitation rights to Maddox, Pax, 14, Zahara, 13, Shiloh, 11, and Vivienne and Knox, nine.

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

Angelina Jolie opens up about her divorce from Brad Pitt and looks to the future  

