Amy, I promise not to rest until everyone knows the signs of bowel cancer and accepts you’re NEVER too young for this b*stard disease
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/5987920/things-cancer-made-me-say-bowel-cancer-deborah-james-amy-mattingly-never-too-young/
6th April 2018, 3:59 pm
IF EVER you needed reminding that cancer can strike at any time, it's this.
Amy was only 32, not your typical candidate for bowel cancer but yesterday this world lost one of its brightest souls to this b*stard disease.
PA Real Life9 If ever you needed reminding that cancer can strike at any age, it's Amy
I was drinking cocktails with Amy seven weeks ago, my fellow stage four bowel cancer buddy.
We had just been to a charity launch at the Houses of Parliament, alongside some other bowel babes.
The day before, she had been told her third line of chemo had failed, and that there were no other options available on the NHS.
At best she was given a few months to live.
PA Real Life9 Yesterday, the world lost one of it's brightest souls when Amy passed away
Deborah James9 I was with her only weeks ago, and spoke to her most days, sharing messages of support
Me and the other girls felt heartbroken, so sad at the stark letter stating her life expectancy, almost as though a death warrant had been signed.
I gulped down my cocktail and then some.
"But, I feel so well," she told us.
And she looked so well, her signature bright make up and cat tights beaming.
PA Real Life9 Amy was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer too
She talked about her last chance, a procedure called SIRT (selective internal radiation therapy) - but it came with a hefty price tag.
It wasn't available on the NHS for Amy, so she turned to crowdfunding.
And 24 hours later she had raised all the money she needed to give this "lifeline" a go.

AMY'S PLEDGE Honour Amy's last wish and learn the signs of bowel cancer - and pass them on... it could save a life

But her chance came too late - just like her colonoscopy and her diagnosis.
Like hundreds of others on Team Amy, the message she posted on Easter Sunday sent me spiralling.
She moved into a hospice for her final days.
I was heartbroken for Amy, her friends and family.
 
 
Deborah James9 I am heartbroken to have lost my friends, and am beside myself for her family and friends
The Sun Online's Deborah James reveals the signs of bowel cancer you need to know
And I felt instantly sick, my mind in overdrive selfishly thinking I was seeing my own future play out before my eyes.
I went into a state of panic - a state I've not managed to pull myself out of.
I've only known Amy for six short months, but we messaged each other on an almost daily basis - me admiring her latest eye shadow, her laughing at my latest fancy dress get up.
To Amy... I promise you – and the countless others who have lost their lives to cancer – we WILL continue to “do something” to make a difference. Your legacy will be that others won’t have to face what you did
I admired her honesty, humour and totally got behind her "f*ck you cancer" attitude.
She was so brave and graceful in dealing with her fate, and thought of others all the time.
She got angry, and rightly so, at being let down by the system.
The system that meant she was only diagnosed once the cancer had already spread to her liver.
9 Selfishly losing Amy sent me into a downward spiral, questioning if I was watching my future play out before me
The system that lets you believe you're too young to have bowel cancer.
Selflessly she shared her story, to persuade other people to DO something, to give blood - she was given transfusions during treatment - to raise awareness of the signs of bowel cancer, and to raise money to help beat the disease.
Her goal, to ensure other people don't have to endure what she did.
So Amy, here's my pledge to you:
We stop saying people are too young to get bowel cancer
Facebook / Team Amy9 Amy was just 32 when she died from the disease
While under 50s are low risk, there is STILL a risk.
Every year 2,500 people like Amy and myself are diagnosed before their 50th birthdays.
It's essential doctors and nurses do not ignore or rule out the disease in their younger patients.

DO SOMETHING Donate in Amy's memory and do your bit to help beat bowel cancer... here

And it's vital young people learn the signs and symptoms to watch out for.
Bowel cancer in the under 50s is on the rise around the world, and it can't be ignored.
We make sure everyone can name the signs of bowel cancer
Deborah James9 Part of my pledge to Amy is to make sure everyone know the signs of bowel cancer - so we can catch this disease early when it's treatable
The five red-flag symptoms of bowel cancer include:

bleeding from the back passage, or blood in your poo
a change in your normal toilet habits - going more frequently for example
pain or a lump in your tummy
extreme tiredness
losing weight

Tumours in the bowel typically bleed, which can cause a shortage of red blood cells, known as anaemia. It can cause tiredness and sometimes breathlessness.
In some cases bowel cancer can block the bowel, this is known as a bowel obstruction.
Other signs include:

gripping pains in the abdomen
feeling bloated
constipation and being unable to pass wind
being sick
feeling like you need to strain - like doing a number two - but after you've been to the loo

While these are all signs to watch out for, experts warn the most serious is noticing blood in your stools.
But, they warn it can prove tricky for doctors to diagnose the disease, because in most cases these symptoms will be a sign of a less serious disease.
We continue to fight for early diagnosis
PA Real Life9 If it's caught early bowel cancer is a treatable disease, with a really high chance of surviving. When you get to stage four, like Amy and I, that chance drops off a cliff
Nearly everyone diagnosed in the early stages of this disease will survive.
But this chance drops off a cliff as the disease progresses.
Diagnosed at its earliest stage, 97 per cent of people with bowel cancer will survive their disease for five years or more.
That's compared with just seven per cent diagnosed at the latest stage.
We must make it a priority to improve first line testing to speed up diagnosis.
Bowel cancer by numbers...
42,000 - people are diagnosed with bowel cancer every year
4 - it's the fourth most common form of cancer
2 - and the second biggest cancer killer
3,400 - the number of people diagnosed in April
1,300 - people will lose their lives this month to the disease
15,903 - lives will be lost this year to bowel cancer
44 - people die every day
30 - that's one bowel cancer patient every 30 minutes
15 - every 15 minutes someone is told they have bowel cancer
97 - 97 per cent of people diagnosed in the earliest stages will survive for five years or more
7 - only seven per cent survive when diangnosed at the latest stage
60 - 83 per cent of people who get bowel cancer are over the age of 60
50 - it's more common over the age of 50 but ANYONE can get bowel cancer, you're never too young
2,500 - the number of under 50s diagnosed each year
268,000 - people living with bowel cancer in the UK
 

We continue to develop bespoke services for young cancer patients
Services and info needs to be better.
It needs to be aimed at young patients, to address issues that young patients will face, like fertility, sex, relationships and body image.
We raise vital funds to ensure we can tell cancer to f*ck off even harder
Research is essential if we are to help cancer patients live longer and better lives.
We can all do our bit to raise money to make sure that the whizz kid scientists out there in their labs can crack new treatments, and find new ways of beating this awful disease.
MORE THINGS CANCER MADE ME SAYCommentDEBORAH JAMES Before cancer I was never happy with my body... now I couldn't love it more CommentDEBORAH JAMES Cancer hurts like hell but breathing (yes breathing) is helping me cope DEBORAH JAMES There's no such thing as a 'normal' vagina - believing the myth is killing us CommentDEBORAH JAMES Don't let it happen to you... the bowel cancer signs I wish I'd known earlier CommentDEBORAH JAMES I love carbs & turns out eating more can help beat bowel cancer! Win, win CommentDEBORAH JAMES There's no one face of cancer, we have to tell all sides: the pink & the grey CommentDEBORAH JAMES Laughing, crying, chemo, wine & heels... this is what bowel cancer looks like CommentDEBORAH JAMES Mother's Day with cancer is bittersweet... now I treasure the small things Exclusive'ALL I WANT' Sun's Deborah gets 'best news stage 4 cancer patient can hear', she's STABLE CommentDEBORAH JAMES Jade made me book my smear test…if I can help save one life it'll be worth it 'HOW WILL I DIE?' Deborah James asks 'How do I want to die from cancer?' in hospice visit CommentDEBORAH JAMES 25 cycles of treatment done and cancer is as much mental as it is physical 
To Amy...
I hate the fact I can't follow your stories anymore, and that I won't get your quirky messages of support.
I hate that the system let you down and your cancer wouldn't play ball.
But, I promise you - and the countless others who have lost their lives to cancer - we WILL continue to "do something" to make a difference.
Your legacy will be that others won't have to face what you did.
 

Come join the BowelBabe Facebook community. I’d love to hear from you about #thethingscancermademesay.
Tell me your journey, show off your scars, share what keeps you smiling, or how you are giving two fat fingers to cancer (or anything else for that matter!)
To contact me email bowelbabe@the-sun.co.uk and you can also follow me on Twitter and Instagram

 

