‘If we build communities, then we will find hope’, says Bishop of London Dame Sarah Mullally
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5947799/bishop-of-london-dame-sarah-mullally-easter-message/
1st April 2018, 3:00 am
JUST weeks ago, I fought through what seemed like an Arctic blizzard as I walked to Hackney Night Shelter, which supports the homeless in North London.
Then I saw a daffodil with its head sticking out of the snow.
Rex Features2 Bishop of London the Right Rev Sarah Mullally says however much it feels like winter, spring will come — and that fills her with a feeling of hope
It reminded me that, however much it felt like winter, spring would come — that gave me a feeling of hope.
This time last year, London was in the midst of a frightening period of terrorist attacks.
The city felt as if it was under siege from terror — as soon, sadly, would Manchester.
The rest of the country shared in the pain.
Wayne Perry - The Sun2 The Right Rev Sarah Mullally shares a warm, hopeful message at Easter
Yet, amid all this sorrow, we saw acts of generosity which reflected the very best of humanity.
The efforts of healthcare workers, first responders, police, neighbours, the public, faith leaders and many more who came together to show the resilience of our communities in the face of terrorists all brought hope.
 
Embarrassing moment Jesus Christ statue snaps when Easter float smashes into traffic lights at Spanish festival 
Those who bring terror also seek to break down community.
But rather than give in, we have seen people stand in solidarity for the victims, families and survivors — they give us hope.
Building community should be at the heart of how we want to be as a society.
Strong community holds individuals and families together.
MOST READ IN OPINIONCommentJANE MOORE Time for something completely different…let's put the boot in at EU elections CommentDAMIAN GREEN How Tory leadership race can lead to every Brit having a shot at the good life CommentALLY ROSS Graham Norton shouldn't have spared Madge's blushes as he lashed Eurovision acts CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone CommentTHE SUN SAYS Hipster who threw MILKSHAKE achieved nothing but to recruit more Farage fans CommentNICK TIMOTHY Tinderbox Tories will get burned at the ballots - they need a new plan 
To build community requires us to understand we have more in common than divides us.
This week, Christians have been retelling the narrative of Jesus’s death.
We recall what God did in the death and resurrection of Christ in the past, which points to a future without pain and death but holds us here and now — that is hope.
After the terror attacks, a permanent tribute now would be to continue to build lasting communities which demonstrate our commonality and build resilience.
There is hope.
Met Office weather: A cold and unsettled Easter weekend with rain moving north and possible snow and severe weather warnings

