As Jeremy Corbyn is accused of allowing antisemitism to thrive in Labour, why does the hard left have a problem with Jews?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5914027/as-jeremy-corbyn-is-accused-of-allowing-antisemitism-to-thrive-in-labour-why-does-the-hard-left-have-a-problem-with-jews/
27th March 2018, 6:04 pm
JEREMY CORBYN is under fire from all sides over the way he handles antisemitism in Labour.
The hard-left leader is accused of letting his allies get away with hatred towards Jews over claims the party hasn’t cracked down hard enough on activists with antisemitic views.
Paul Edwards - The Sun6 Jeremy Corbyn has been accused of being too soft on antisemitism
This week has seen things come to a head, with hundreds of Jewish protesters gathering outside Parliament telling Mr Corbyn “enough is enough” and urging him to impose a zero-tolerance policy towards hatred of Jews.
The demonstration yesterday was joined by dozens of Labour MPs, defying their own leader as they demanded a tough response to the epidemic of antisemitism.
Mr Corbyn admitted on Sunday: “Antisemitism has occurred in pockets within the Labour party, causing pain and hurt to our Jewish community in the Labour party and the rest of the country.”
But why DOES the far left have such a problem with Jewish people?
EPA6 Around 1,000 people gathered in central London to protest yesterday
WHEN HATRED OF ISRAEL BECOMES ANTISEMITIC
For decades, most left-wing activists have been passionate supporters of Palestine in the Middle Eastern conflict.
Israel is accused of mistreating Arabs in neighbouring areas, and leftists are often vocal in calling on the Jewish state to withdraw from Palestinian land.
But opposition to Israel's government often shades into anti-Zionism, the belief that the country has no right to exist at all.
And there is a blurred line in many far-left groups between anti-Zionism and antisemitism - shown by the presence of bigots in the crowd in Westminster yesterday, who claimed to oppose “Israeli apartheid” but were actually trying to quash opposition to the antisemites.
Reuters6 Protesters clashed with anti-Israel activists in Parliament Square yesterday
On a Facebook group which Mr Corbyn belonged to, one Labour supporter accused Israel and ISIS of working together to poison Russian spy Sergei Skripal in Salisbury.
Jewish leaders complained about “the far left’s obsessive hatred of Zionism, Zionists and Israel” in an open letter to the party boss this week.
CENTURIES OF BIGOTRY
Ancient stereotypes of powerful Jews running banks and the media still influence some extreme left-wingers.
Antisemitism has often been based on the idea that Jewish people have gained some sort undeserved power over society.
Writing for The Sun today, Danny Stone of the Antisemitism Policy Trust says: “Racism tends to treat its victims as primitive, lowly, inhumane or worthless - however, antisemitism can portray Jews as cunning, manipulative, and all-powerful liars.”
Facebook6 This antisemitic mural - defended by Jeremy Corbyn - exploited offensive stereotypes about Jews
The view of Jews as powerful manipulators was shown in a notorious mural painted on a wall in East London which Mr Corbyn defended on Facebook - before apologising and saying he didn’t look at it properly.
The painting showed bankers looking like Jewish stereotypes, playing Monopoly on the backs of oppressed workers.
Another example came on a Labour Facebook group, in the form of a vile cartoon showing terrorist groups as piglets sucking at the teat of a pig marked “Rothschild”.
The hard left has “a conspiratorial worldview in which mainstream Jewish communities are believed to be a hostile entity, a class enemy”, community leaders warned Mr Corbyn in their letter.
OBSESSIVE HATRED OF AMERICA
One influential organisation on the far left is Stop the War, founded by Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell among others to oppose the Iraq War.
6 A message posted on a Facebook group which Jeremy Corbyn is a member of
The group is notorious for criticising the West in every military conflict - while refusing to speak out against abuses committed by other countries.
Left-wing antisemitism often springs from the anti-Western ideology promoted by Stop the War and similar organisations, community leaders say.
Jonathan Arkush, president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews, said: "You get into the mindset that it's all [the West's] fault. Once you have that rigid ideology, it forks you down a certain road.
"If you hate America and you hate Western liberal values, you hate Israel. And you completely blur the lines between Israel and Jews."
6 A conspiracy theory spread on a Labour supporters group on Facebook which Mr Corbyn was in
ANTI-SOCIAL MEDIA
The rise of the internet makes it easier for vile views to spread and catch on with naive web users.
It also makes antisemitic comments more visible to ordinary people, moving them from the shadows to popular platforms such as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter.
That’s one way Mr Corbyn has been caught out - he was a member of three groups on Facebook which were set up to connect Labour activists, but ended up being hijacked by antisemites.
Mr Arkush recently told The Sun some left-wingers are drawn into antisemitism through online communities where bigots prey on them by making Jew hatred seem normal.
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 
He said: "You choose your social media to reflect back what you believe in - you follow things that reflect your far-left views and you end up liking things that should never have been there."
He pointed to the case of Naz Shah, who admitted she had shared unacceptable comments calling for Israel to be relocated to America after coming across them online.
But the web can also be used to combat hatred of Jews - yesterday’s rally in Parliament Square was partly organised by spreading the word online, bringing together a huge crowd with just 24 hours’ notice.
Time to start following your own rules and drive out Jew hatred, Mr CorbynDANNY STONE, director of the Antisemitism Policy Trust, describes how the recent flare-up of antisemitism reminds him of the vile student politics he experienced more than a decade ago.
In 2005 I stood at the National Union Students conference as Luciana Berger (now a Labour MP) gave an excoriating speech condemning the NUS for its failure to take action on anti-Jewish hatred.
At that event, a leaflet was readily available which drew on the age-old forgery, The Protocols of the Elders of Zion, a dangerous conspiracy theory which describes the Jews as plotters seeking to rule the world.
The failure to understand Jewish student suffering from sections of the student left was palpable.
It's just the NUS, I thought. Student politics has always been “radical”. I couldn't have realised then that it was to be a harbinger of future pain.
Fast forward more than a decade. It has been almost two years since Labour ran an inquiry into antisemitism. The vast majority of its recommendations remain unimplemented.
No less than three shadow ministers have trotted out or shared messages that the latest concerns raised by the Jewish community are smears – I fear this is not coincidental.
The Labour party still doesn’t appear to have a handle on how many incidents reported to it have been actioned, rejected, or are in progress. More than a decade on from that student conference I attended - and this section of the left has learned nothing about antisemitism.
At the latest epicentre, a row over a mural. A picture painted on a wall in East London, with a Masonic pyramid above elderly white men - the Jews with large hooked noses - playing Monopoly on the backs of the workers.
But it isn’t just about one incident. At the Labour conference, a Marxist newspaper was handed out which quoted top Nazi official Reinhard Heydrich as a supposedly reliable source of information about the Holocaust.
Councillors, MPs, party members and others have been suspended for calling the Holocaust a hoax, abuse of a Jewish journalist, conspiracy theories about “Jewish control”, attacking Jews with the antisemitic “ZioNazi” slur and much more besides.
Jeremy Corbyn and his shadow team need to understand this better. Racism tends to treat its victims as primitive, lowly, inhumane or worthless - however, antisemitism can portray Jews as cunning, manipulative, and all-powerful liars.
In such a polarised, angry environment, allegations of antisemitism aren’t given the serious consideration they deserve and those that perceive themselves as victims are not offered sensitivity and respect they deserve.
That is a failure to abide by the terms of Labour’s own Chakrabarti report and the standards we as a country set for handling and addressing racial hatred.
Put simply, the Labour party needs to start abiding by its own Terms of Service - that applies to Jeremy Corbyn as much as anyone else.


