Jeremy Corbyn is a ‘poster boy for antisemitism’ says top Labour MP as leader FINALLY says sorry for supporting vile mural
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5900120/jeremy-corbyn-apology-antisemitism-labour-mural/
26th March 2018, 9:04 am
JEREMY Corbyn is "the poster boy of anti-Semites everywhere", a top Labour MP sensationally claimed today, as the party boss finally apologised for supporting an offensive mural.
The extraordinary blast came as hundreds of protesters - and dozens of Labour and Tory MPs - descended on Westminster this evening to protest against his handling of anti-Semitism within the party, and he was found to be inside a THIRD group riddled with anti-Jew hate.
Paul Edwards - The Sun7 Corbyn says he 'deeply regrets' commenting in support of an anti-Semitic mural in 2012
Margaret Hodge MP said today that she was "deeply offended" by what seemed to be "persistent and pervasive anti-Semitism" in and around the Labour Party, and urged him to dissociate himself from the offensive thugs posting disgusting content.
 
Jewish man expresses his anger as the tensions build at anti-semitism March in Westminster
 
On Facebook the MP for Barking said: "This is not the new politics" and deemed the Chakrabarti Report as "a failure".
"We now have to seriously reconsider holding another inquiry but this time headed by a person – not necessarily themselves Jewish – who the Jewish community can have faith in to take the problem of anti-Semitism in the Labour Party seriously."
But finally the Labour boss issued a grovelling apology to Jewish leaders, saying he was personally sorry for supporting an anti-Semitic mural on Facebook.
7 This screenshot shows Jeremy Corbyn commenting on a mural that was deemed to be anti-Semitic
He sent a letter promising to Jewish leaders promising to "always be your ally in the fight against anti-Semitism" after they deemed him a "figurehead" for conspiracy theories and fake news earlier today.
He was accused of viewing Jewish people as a "hostile entity and a class enemy" by livid community leaders.
Mr Corbyn described anti-Semitism as an "evil" and admitted that the party dismissed it often as "a matter of a few bad apples".
"I am sincerely sorry for the pain which has been caused, and pledge to redouble my efforts to bring this anxiety to an end.
"There needs to be a deeper understanding of what constitutes antisemitism in the labour movement.
"Sometimes this evil takes familiar forms – the east London mural which has caused such understandable controversy is an example.
"The idea of Jewish bankers and capitalists exploiting the workers of the world is an old antisemitic conspiracy theory.
"This was long ago, and rightly, described as “the socialism of fools.”  I am sorry for not having studied the content of the mural more closely before wrongly questioning its removal in 2012."
Jeremy Corbyn letter to Jewish leadersWriting to the Board of Deputies and the Jewish Leadership Council
Dear Jonathan and Jonathan,
 
Thank you for your letter to the Labour Party concerning antisemitism issued as a press statement last night.
 
First of all, let me acknowledge the anger and upset that provoked it, and repeat my offer of an urgent meeting to discuss the issues you have raised as soon as possible.
 
I stated yesterday, and repeat today, that I will not tolerate any form of antisemitism that exists in or around our party and movement.  I am committed to eliminating antisemitism wherever it exists.
 
As I told the Labour Party conference in 2016, antisemitism is an evil that led to the worst crimes of the 20th century. Prejudice and hatred of Jewish people has no place whatsoever in the Labour Party, and every one of us has a responsibility to ensure it is never allowed to fester in our society again.
 
I recognise that antisemitism has surfaced within the Labour Party, and has too often been dismissed as simply a matter of a few bad apples. This has caused pain and hurt to Jewish members of our Party and to the wider Jewish community in Britain.  I am sincerely sorry for the pain which has been caused, and pledge to redouble my efforts to bring this anxiety to an end.
 
While the forms of antisemitism expressed on the far Right of politics are easily detectable, such as Holocaust denial, there needs to be a deeper understanding of what constitutes antisemitism in the labour movement.  Sometimes this evil takes familiar forms – the east London mural which has caused such understandable controversy is an example.  The idea of Jewish bankers and capitalists exploiting the workers of the world is an old antisemitic conspiracy theory. This was long ago, and rightly, described as “the socialism of fools.”  I am sorry for not having studied the content of the mural more closely before wrongly questioning its removal in 2012.
Newer forms of antisemitism have been woven into criticism of Israeli governments. Criticism of Israel, particularly in relation to the continuing dispossession of the Palestinian people, cannot be avoided. Nevertheless, comparing Israel or the actions of Israeli governments to the Nazis, attributing criticisms of Israel to Jewish characteristics or to Jewish people in general and using abusive phraseology about supporters of Israel such as “Zio” all constitute aspects of contemporary antisemitism. And Jewish people must not be held responsible or accountable for the actions of the Israeli government.
 
The Labour Party has always opposed antisemitism, old and new, and always will.  We are proud of our deep historical links with Jewish communities, and to have fought alongside generations of Jewish men and women against fascism, prejudice and discrimination. This is a part of our common heritage from which we will never be separated.  But I acknowledge that antisemitic attitudes have surfaced more often in our ranks in recent years, and that the Party has been too slow in processing some of the cases that have emerged. Early action has nevertheless been taken, and we will work to speed up procedures, to deal with cases of antisemitic abuse or attitudes.
 
I am committed to making our Party a welcoming and secure place for Jewish people. Zero tolerance for antisemites means what it says, and the Party will proceed in that spirit. That demands among other things the overdue full implementation of the recommendations of the Chakrabarti report, including a programme of political education to increase awareness and understanding of all forms of antisemitism.
 
The battle against antisemitism should never become a party political issue.  It must unite all of us if we are both to honour the memory of the victims of the bestial crimes of the 20th century and build a future of equality and justice for all.
 
In that spirit, I must make it clear that I will never be anything other than a militant opponent of antisemitism. In this fight, I am your ally and always will be.
 
Best wishes,
 
Jeremy Corbyn MP
Leader of the Labour Party

7 A message posted on a Facebook group which Jeremy Corbyn is a member of
7 The group hosts conspiracy theories about Jewish people
Today the party leader's own MPs have joined to deal with the problem of anti-Semitism in his party and refusal to apologise for his own support of offensive artwork.
The Campaign Against Anti-Semitism separately branded Labour “racist” and said it had filed a disciplinary complaint about Mr Corbyn with the party.
It followed the Labour leader’s admission late last week that in 2012 he had defended a horrific mural in east London that depicted Jewish bankers playing monopoly on the backs of the poor.
This morning, it emerged that Mr Corbyn has for seven years been a member of a Facebook group which is used by some members to spread anti-Semitic conspiracy theories and slurs.
The group called "The Labour Party Supporter", which Mr Corbyn joined himself rather than being added to it, features multiple posts which promote conspiracies about wealthy Jews running the world.
More recently, members of the group claimed that ISIS and Israel were jointly responsible for the nerve gas attack on ex-spy Sergei Skripal in Salisbury.
Mr Corbyn's office did not respond to a request for a comment.
Facebook7 The painting was done on a wall in East London in 2012
Facebook/Jeremy Corbyn7 The Labour leader's message on Facebook last night
Today Jonathan Goldstein, Chairman of the Jewish Leadership Council, told the BBC that "the time for words is over, the time for action is now".
He told Radio 4: "Wherever we go we are told that we are acting on behalf of Israel, that Rothschilds run the world, that Isis is a front for Israel... that Zionists are the new Nazis...
"This is the first time in my lifetime that the Jewish community has felt the need to take to the streets to campaign against he leader of a major political party.
"Rightly or wrongly he is now the figurehead for an antisemitic political culture based on obsessive hatred of Israel, conspiracy theories and fake news. 
"That is doing great harm not just to the Labour party but to Britain."
And Karen Pollock of the Holocaust Educational Trust stormed: "Antisemitism is a threat to society. To all of us. If we do nothing and leave it unchallenged, we know what this hatred can ultimately lead to. Leaders must take a strong, clear, irrefutable stand."
She called Mr Corbyn's actions "disturbing" and "unforgivable".
Jonathan Arkush, Board of Deputies of British Jews, added: "Everything with Jeremy Corbyn is, well I hear no evil, I see no evil, I wasn’t looking, I didn’t say anything. Frankly, That strains my credulity."
Tonight the leftie boss' own MPs will join a protest against him in Westminster.
Bassetlaw MP John Mann said today: "The Labour Party ceases to have a reason for existence if it cannot stand up against discrimination and racism. Tonight every Labour MP and member should stand in solidarity with the Jewish community."
And when questioned, he said he "doesn't know" whether his leader is anti-Semitic.
Tory MPs including Nick Boles and Robert Halfon are set to go too.
But a group calling themselves 'Free Speech on Israel' is set to oppose the rally.
They say there is "cynical selective outrage" and Jewish leaders oppose Jeremy's socialist vision for Britain.
They say that community leaders should "stop playing party politics".
A truly terrible day when @BoardofDeputies & @JLC_uk feel the need to write such a letter. No one in @UKLabour should try & minimise or downplay this. I will be showing my solidarity in Parliament Square tomorrow. https://t.co/ynDw8GWhAY— Liz Kendall (@leicesterliz) March 25, 2018


The Labour Party ceases to have a reason for existence if it cannot stand up against discrimination and racism. Tonight every Labour MP and member should stand in solidarity with the Jewish community.— John Mann (@JohnMannMP) March 26, 2018


I am ashamed that the leadership of one of Britain’s communities is so appalled at the state of our party that it has come to this.I'll be in Parliament Square tomorrow to say #EnoughIsEnough and to demand this is finally sorted out https://t.co/FBWlTMG8ji— Ian Austin (@IanAustinMP) March 25, 2018


I'll be there. #EnoughIsEnough https://t.co/D8YpiUIMpk— Nick Boles MP (@NickBoles) March 25, 2018


#I'llBeThere https://t.co/UqlfaViXfV— Robert Halfon MP #WorkingHard4Harlow (@halfon4harlowMP) March 26, 2018


Labour MP John Mann calls on Jeremy Corbyn to kick out anti-Semites from the party
He has said he will meet Jewish leaders, but neither the Board of Deputies or the Jewish leadership council have received an invite, they said this morning.
In an open letter last night Mr Arkush and Mr Goldstein said Mr Corbyn was “ideologically fixed within a far left worldview” that is “instinctively hostile to mainstream Jewish communities”.
The pair said: “When Jews complain about an obviously anti-Semitic mural in Tower Hamlets, Corbyn of course supports the artist.
“Hezbollah commits terrorist atrocities against Jews, but Corbyn calls them his friends and attends pro-Hezbollah rallies in London.
"Raed Salah says Jews kill Christian children to drink their blood. Corbyn opposes his extradition and invites him for tea at the Commons.”
They added: “Again and again, Jeremy Corbyn has sided with anti-Semites rather than Jews.
"At best, this derives from the far left’s obsessive hatred of Zionism, Zionists and Israel.
"At worst, it suggests a conspiratorial worldview in which mainstream Jewish communities are believed to be a hostile entity, a class enemy.”
Last week Mr Corbyn was found to be a member of a second Facebook group which shared anti-Semitic comments.
Members shared articles saying that half of Israeli Jews "believe in ethnic cleansing" and in support of Labour Party members who were kicked out for anti-Semitic allegations.
Facebook7 Members of the group have shared messages from Jackie Walker - who was suspended from the Labour Party for antisemitic comments about Jews financing the slave trade
Sick Corbynistas say Jeremy Corbyn's anti-Semitism allegations a 'smear' and take to Twitter to 'predict' the next one
LEFTIES online are taking to Twitter to try and "predict" the next thing the media will try to "smear" Jeremy Corbyn with.
Using the hashtag #PredictTheNextCorbynSmear, users are saying that accusations of anti-Semitism in the Labour Party are just attempts to discredit him.
One wrote: "Smears against Corbyn saying he is anti semitic are lies. The real reason the establishment are against him is because he will stop tax evasion."
Corbyn-ally Paul Mason said the media was "awash with smears" as part of plans to "stop radical change and social justice".
And someone else said that "the more they try to smear him, the more we love him".
Many Corbynistas used the hashtag to joke about what "smear" might be used next, making light of the serious of allegations.
One said: "Corbyn accused of using unethically sourced toilet roll 'again and again'."
Another made fun of the poisoned spy Sergei Skripal, saying: "Jeremy Corbyn spotted in zizzi shortly before nerve agent attack. #corbynsmear"
And one more known troll wrote: "Jeremy Corbyn spiked Ant McPartlin's mocha after the star admitted he planned to vote for David Cameron's Conservative Party in 2015."
One Twitter user added: "Corbyn is the reason why Quality Street tins have been getting smaller #PredictTheNextCorbynSmear."

MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan BOO WHAT? Labour bans Julia Hartley-Brewer from Conference for shouting boo in 'safe space' PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find SCAN AND SEARCH Police should use hi-tech cameras to scan yobs for knives, Khan rival says FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April 
Mr Corbyn last night insisted “I utterly condemn anti-Semitism” and that he would be meeting representatives of the Jewish Community in the coming weeks to try and rebuild confidence in Labour.
In a statement he said: “We recognise that anti-Semitism has occurred in pockets within the Labour Party.
"I am sincerely sorry for the pain which has been caused.”
But he refused once more to apologise for his own actions – and sources claimed he would snub tonight’s meeting.
Jeremy Corbyn attacks ministers for not being 'particularly helpful or sensible' on Russia
 

