Zlatan Ibrahimovic bids Manchester United farewell in emotional Instagram post ahead of LA Galaxy move
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/5878395/zlatan-ibrahimovic-man-utd-la-galaxy-instagram-farewell/
22nd March 2018, 6:28 pm
ZLATAN IBRAHIMOVIC has posted an emotional farewell to Manchester United fans ahead of his move to LA Galaxy.
The striker's Red Devils contract has been terminated with immediate effect as he looks to reboot his career in America.
         View this post on Instagram           Great things also come to an end and it is time to move on after two fantastic seasons with Manchester United. Thank you to the club, the fans, the team, the coach, the staff and everybody who shared with me this part of my history. #foreverred A post shared by  Zlatan Ibrahimović (@iamzlatanibrahimovic) on Mar 22, 2018 at 10:37am PDT

And Ibra has now said his farewells on Instagram, posting: “Great things also come to an end and it is time to move on after two fantastic seasons with Manchester United.
“Thank you to the club, the fans, the team, the coach, the staff and everybody who shared with me this part of my history #foreverred.”
Ibra scored 29 goals in all competitions during his time at United, winning the EFL Cup, Europa League and Community Shield as well.
United revealed the news he would be leaving Old Trafford on their website, saying: “Manchester United confirms that it has agreed to the termination of Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s contract with immediate effect.

SUN BETS: BET £10 GET A FREE £30 BET

PA:Press Association3 Zlatan Ibrahimovic has posted an emotional farewell to Man Utd on Instagram
“Everyone at the club would like to thank Zlatan for his contribution to the team since his arrival and wishes him well for the future.”
Meanwhile, details of Ibrahimovic’s new contract with LA Galaxy have reportedly been revealed.

DARMI ARMY Juventus 'pull out of Bellerin race to chase Darmian instead'

SI.com claims it has obtained information which reveals the Swede has signed a deal until the end of the 2019 MLS season.
Ibrahimovic will also pocket over £1million per year, which is the maximum amount Galaxy can pay using their Targeted Allocation Money.
How will Man United boss Jose Mourinho replace Zlatan Ibrahimovic? 
Latest Man Utd newsLive BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal Exclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld PARTEY TIME? Utd and Arsenal boost as Atletico's Partey refuses to rule out transfer 

PA:Press Association3 The striker's contract has been terminated as he prepares to join LA Galaxy
The 36-year-old’s arrival will be confirmed via a full-page advert in Friday’s Los Angeles Times.
And Ibrahimovic will arrive in the city next week ahead of a potential debut against LAFC at the end of March.
PA:Press Association3 Ibra admits he will forever be a Red and will cherish the time he spent at Old Trafford
Jesse Lingard can't believe how much Manchester United mate Marcus Rashford copies him
Most Read In SportExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal 

