What it’s like to be told your newborn has Down’s Syndrome
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/5798305/newborn-downs-syndrome/
19th March 2018, 7:29 am
WHEN an elderly man stopped to coo over her newborn baby in the supermarket, Ellie Martin was beaming with pride. 
Yet as he turned to walk away, he blurted out: “I don’t envy you, love. He’s cute now but it’s going to be bloody awful when he grows up.”
19 Henry Martin has Down's Syndrome
This casual but cruel remark was triggered by little Henry having Down’s Syndrome. 
Ellie, 35, an events organiser living in Kingston, London, was so taken aback by the hurtful outburst, she was reduced to tears. 
“I had to quickly push Henry round the corner to have a sob by the soup aisle,” she says.
Ellie, who was just seven months into motherhood, says she was already feeling defensive about her son’s condition at the time.
19 Tom, Henry and Ellie Martin enjoying family life
“I’d be walking around town feeling that everyone was looking at him, staring at his differences.
“It wasn’t until I had my second son, who doesn’t have Down’s, and realised that everyone looked at him too – that’s just what people do, they look in buggies.”
19 Henry's mum Ellie used to worry people were only looking to see his differences
But that day in Asda was the first time she’d had to deal with outright bigotry about Down’s.   
Ellie, and IT manager husband Tom, 34, didn’t know Henry would be born with Down’s. It wasn’t detected by the routine test at around 12 weeks into pregnancy - though even if it had been, Ellie says she and Tom wouldn’t have terminated.
19 While Henry's heart anomalies were picked up during Ellie's pregnancy, Down's Syndrome wasn't
“Some heart anomalies were picked up at our 20-week scan so we were having regular checks to keep an eye on them,” says Ellie.
“I had briefly linked the idea of a poorly heart and DS in my mind but quickly dismissed it. We were having very regular scans and assumed Down’s Syndrome was something that was always picked up on right? But no.”
Sudden arrival
Henry arrived five weeks early in April 2013. Just an hour after his birth, Ellie recounts the doctor taking him away to do some heart checks but when he returned, he had some very different news. His words were: “I’m very sorry to say we think your son has Down’s Syndrome."
19 Henry was born five weeks early at Kingston Hospital in 2013
Ellie says: “I remember looking straight down at Henry and the little telltale features that had been so apparent to the medics became obvious to me too – his beautiful almond shaped eyes, his little button nose and his low-set ears.”
She asked the doctors to leave the new family alone, just the three of them. 
“I don’t know why but I felt really in control, really strong. They left and my husband broke down. I remember lifting up his head and just looking at him, saying, ‘This is us Tom, me and you, we’ll be fine. He’s our son. Look at him. He’s amazing’.”
Ellie says she’s unsure where that composure came from at the very beginning. “It definitely wobbled over the coming days and weeks, but I just knew I loved him so unconditionally.”
19 Henry's almond shaped eyes, little button nose and low-set ears were telltale signs of Down's Syndrome to the medics
Tom went home that evening, leaving Ellie alone with Henry for the first time.
“Tom stayed up all night searching on the internet for articles, blogs, advice, support. Trying to get the tools together to help us start our new life.
“I, on the other hand, lay in my hospital bed all night, awake, staring at Henry, with the same sentence going through my head. ‘My son has Down’s Syndrome’. It was neither negative or positive. But it was constant.”
The next day Henry’s health deteriorated. He had stopped feeding, still hadn’t done his first poo, had turned jaundiced and started vomiting.
The doctors suspected Hirschsprung's disease, a condition where part of the bowel doesn’t work so everything gets blocked and often requires surgery.
They rushed him to St George’s Hospital in Tooting, six miles away from where they were at Kingston Hospital. There they would confirm the condition and have to operate in a couple of months’ time.
What is Down's SyndromeDown’s syndrome is caused by the presence of an extra chromosome in a baby’s cells.
In the majority of cases, Down’s syndrome is not an inherited condition.
It usually occurs because of a chance happening at the time of conception.
As of yet we do not know what causes the presence of an extra chromosome 21.
It can come from either the mother or the father.
There is no way of predicting whether a person is more or less likely to make an egg or sperm with 24 chromosomes.
There is a definite link with advanced maternal age for reasons yet unknown. However most babies with Down’s syndrome are born to women under the age of 35, as younger women have higher fertility rates.
What we do know is that no one is to blame. Nothing done before or during pregnancy can cause Down’s syndrome. It occurs in all races, social classes and in all countries throughout the world. It can happen to anyone.
Source: The Down's Syndrome Association

“The next few days passed in an extremely emotional blur. It was hard, very hard, but day by day he got stronger.”
Ellie says that as horrendous as it was at the time, Henry getting so poorly allowed the couple to get over the news of him having DS very quickly. 
“The whole aspect of learning difficulties and slower development became so insignificant when our little boy was strapped up to every monitor imaginable in ICU.”  
Henry's army
Ellie and Tom’s families’ reaction to Henry’s condition were a great source of strength to them during this heart-wrenching time. “His new grandparents were incredible. I rang my parents. I told them we’d had some really sad news, that their tenth grandchild had Down’s.
“My mum was as pragmatic as ever. She said ‘ok darling. Don’t worry. We’re on our way’. And that was that. She came in, swept him up into her arms and had the same reaction as she did with her previous nine grandchildren. Big fat tears of joy.
19 Grandma Angela Spreckley's first cuddle with Henry, her tenth grandchild
“Tom’s mum was just the same. She walked into the room and said “where’s my grandson?”, scooping him up and holding him close.”
19 Granny Pam Martin was thrilled to meet her first grandchild
But one of Ellie’s sisters completely broke down on hearing the news. “She’s honest in saying that she was totally devastated. She was scared for us, for him and so fearful of what the future held.”
She and the rest of Ellie’s siblings sat their own children down to explain about their new cousin Henry, showing them pictures of other children with Down’s Syndrome and talking them through some basic facts. “A classic response from my nephew, who was six at the time, was ‘oh yeah, I see lots of people with Down’s Syndrome on Mr Tumble.”
Heads up
However, Ellie does wish she’d found out about her son’s Down’s Syndrome during her pregnancy. 
“On a weekly basis I get asked by someone ‘did you know?’. When I reply with a ‘no we didn’t’, I get a look. One that says  ‘ahh that’s why’. I hate that I’m not able to defend my son and say ‘yes we did know. We chose to keep him’. 
“Henry has made our lives richer, fuller and in many ways so much simpler. Without even being aware, our family priorities have shifted and we are so less concerned about the ultimately insignificant things in life.
19 Ellie and Henry don't let Down's Syndrome get in the way of having fun
“Of course not everything is rosy. There are things which are harder for him, and for us and there are times when I’ve felt worried about him and his future. But even this has made our family stronger. We’re a rock solid team.”
19 Henry loves to be out and about with dad Tom
Get with the times
Thinking back to that upsetting day in Asda almost five years ago, Ellie wishes she’d been able to answer back with all the wonderful things that she’s learnt about having a child with Down’s Syndrome. 
“I would have explained to him that his knowledge and understanding of DS was extremely outdated and completely unjustified. I would have explained how people with DS have very exciting futures now that the correct help and support is offered to them from such an early age. And how actually, even if the future did have difficulties, we'd cope, because we love him!
19 Henry is a water baby and loves the sea, swimming and pirates
Five years on. Ellie’s sister’s concerns have thankfully proved baseless and she knows now that her shock and upset was purely down to a lack of knowledge of the condition and assumptions from years gone by.
“She sees Henry and simply laughs about the idea of feeling fearful and sad when all he is, mainly, is a big whirlwind of joy,” says Ellie.
Life and soul
Today, Henry is just as cute as he was back on that upsetting day in the supermarket, and he’s smart, funny and loving.
19 Henry as the bear from We're Going on a Bear Hunt on World Book Day
After all, children with Down’s Syndrome have more in common with all other children than differences. 
Henry is a typical four-year-old, who loves pirates, swimming and Legoland.
19 Henry loves Lego and had a blast at Legoland last year
19 Ready for his first day of primary school
He goes to a local primary school in Kingston, where he’s learning to read alongside the rest of his peers.
He’s adored by his mum and dad, and is a huge source of entertainment and fun for his two younger siblings, Wilfred, 3, and Beatrix, 1. Friends and family say he charms everyone he meets.
19 The Martin brothers, Henry and Wilfred, are best friends
19 One-year-old Beatrix is never far from the action with Wilfred and Henry
Social network
“Having Henry brought our lives into a whole new social network - not just the Down’s Syndrome community but a much wider special needs one. Our early weeks and months were helped so much by our local parent-run group 21&Co. 
“Henry has brought people into my life that have truly become some of my best friends – people who not only understand some of the difficulties we face and challenges we deal with but who ultimately, whether it’s because of shared experiences or not, have the same outlook on life as us, and for that we feel so blessed.”
Bright future 
While Ellie and Tom try to take each year at a time, they often daydream about what Henry’s future may hold.  
19 The Martin family are a rock-solid team, says mum Ellie
“I’ve imagined him having a good level of independence, working at a garden centre - mainly because his dad is such an avid grower - or at a cinema, as he loves TV. 
“I’ve imagined him being out with his friends at discos and parties and having a girlfriend.
“But all that aside, we genuinely just want him to have the support he needs around him, to be happy, to have friends and to feel a sense of worth. That’s really all that’s important in life, right?”
Henry having Down’s Syndrome clearly didn’t deter Ellie and Tom from having more children - and they decided not to screen for the condition in those pregnancies.
19 Three in a bed leave little room for mummy and daddy
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
“We’ve obviously taken a keen interest in the development of the new non invasive test – NIPT.  I have no negative feelings about the test itself. 
"Surely more accurate information can only be a good thing. What I have great issue with is the lack of balanced information surrounding it.
"There has been talk of the eradication of Down’s Syndrome, the debilitating condition, how people ‘suffer’ from Down’s Syndrome. I can’t think of anyone on the planet suffering less than my son.”
Henry already taught his parents a lot about what really matters in life and the insensitive buffoon in Asda could learn a lot from him too.
19 Henry is a happy, healthy and fun-living little boy who has brought much joy to his family
We'd love to hear your stories of life with Down's Syndrome.
Enter your details below for your chance to be featured on The Sun Online.

Mum creates adorable 'carpool karaoke' video for World Down's Syndrome Day

