Victoria Beckham tries her hand at boxing as she visits Kenya with Sport Relief
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/5841419/victoria-beckham-tries-her-hand-at-boxing-as-she-visits-kenya-with-sport-relief/
18th March 2018, 6:39 pm
VICTORIA Beckham decided to give boxing a go during a visit to Kenya for Sport Relief.
The fashion designer is there to meet young girls who are taking part in the BoxGirls project - and she shared details of the trip on Instagram.
Instagram4 Victoria Beckham tries her hand at boxing during a Sport Relief trip to Kenya
Joking about her technique on Instagram, she captioned the shot, "I'll blame the jeans for the fact I'm not that good! #boxgirls @sportrelief X."
The former Spice Girl wrote alongside another snap, "In Kenya meeting girls at #boxgirls project which is supported by @sportrelief."
She also shared a video of herself sitting and chatting with a group of young girls.
Victoria, 43, said, "I'm just here hanging out with the girls talking about boxing and everything that they get out of boxing."
4 Posh spice with a young girl while visit community projects last weekends
Instagram4 The fashion designer is hands on with the project
         View this post on Instagram           In Kenya meeting girls at #boxgirls project which is supported by @sportrelief x A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Mar 18, 2018 at 2:40am PDT

"How they find it empowering, how it's good for their fitness, their mind and how much they've changed since Sarah has been working with them.
"It's super interesting. And the girls have got big big dreams.
"We've got future lawyers, future doctors, future engineers, future artists, future surgeons."
Most read in TV &amp; ShowbizTHE STAGE IS SET Spice Girls send fans wild with first look at 90s-style reunion tour stage BLACK MOURNING Alabama 3 singer Jake Black who wrote The Sopranos theme song dies SCREEN TIME As Game of Thrones ends, here's how long it takes to watch TV classic series DRESSED TO KILL Killing Eve's Jodie Comer spotted in killer outfit on set of her new movie DO YA THINK I'M SEX-SEA Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster grab some rock & stroll in Southend MEG'S BATTLE Megan Barton-Hanson had surgery to avoid 'pain' of looking in the mirror too close Corrie's Ruxandra Porojnicu reveals human trafficking story 'could have been her' LOYAL FANS Caroline Flack reveals Love Island spin-off show Aftersun will return BAN DETECTOR Ofcom could ban lie detectors from ALL reality TV after Jeremy Kyle tragedy BRIDE TRIBE Cara De La Hoyde continues Magaluf hen do celebrations in white mini dress 
She concluded, "The girls have got big dreams which is super nice to see."
In another video, Victoria is with a young girl called Grace, who says to the camera, "My name is Grace and I am 13 years old."
Victoria then looks to the camera and jokes, "My name is Victoria and I'm really old."
She captioned the video, "Empowering day in Nairobi with Grace and @sportrelief X Good night Kenya. Kisses VB."
Instagram4 The former Spice Girl says the girls are 'inspiring'
According to BoxGirls' website, the aim of the project is to "deliver support to women and girls in developing life skills, learning self-defense and de-escalation strategies and becoming leaders in their schools and communities."
They add, "Women and girls are fighting against gender-based violence and other barriers to progress in their communities."
Victoria Beckham kisses her family at the end of her New York Fashion Week show

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220


