Daily horoscope for Friday March 16 – here’s what the stars have in store for you today
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/horoscopes/5821798/daily-horoscope-today-friday-march-16-2018-star-sign/
16th March 2018, 12:01 am
ARIES
March 21 to April 20
A strong bond between the moon and Mars fires up your wanderlust and journey plans rocket back on to your agenda.
Mixing prize ideas with someone who has recently re-entered your life can create double winners.
Your love style is relaxed but don’t let those special times together be wasted.
1
TAURUS
April 21 to May 21
A decision on how and when to change is yours alone to make.
When Mars helps you find words to say that out loud, life and love switch up a gear.
Adding some moon mystery to passion puts a partner under your spell or if you’re single, brings an R introduction closer.
A family trade may go global with your help.
GEMINI
May 22 to June 21
Your internal focus shifts from solo to shared, as the moon highlights how much you need certain people.
Take some time to tell them.
You have a flair for making others feel valued and at work this changes the pace and make-up of a team.
The most likely place to find love is in a cinema. Luck will visit door 67.
CANCER
June 22 to July 22
You are such an intriguing mix of moon magic and Mars muscle, you can surprise everyone by just how strong you can be.
This keeps a fitness plan on track, no matter what.
If you are in love, swapping roles gives new insight into the relationship.
Single? Shared laughter in a store will lead to a great date.
LEO
July 23 to August 23
Your chart urges you to build some surprises into everyday routine, to intrigue a partner or challenge a co-worker, but also to refresh your inner self.
Your ideas can go from good to great with some simple tweaks and by tonight you will be ready to launch them.
Romance revs up where classic rock music plays.

Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 (£1.50 per min + your phone providers access charge. 18+ only) or to pay by credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406.
Text a psychic. Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122 (£1 per message. Max 3 per reply).
Calls cost £1.50 per min plus your telephone company’s network access charge. You must have bill payers permission. Calls recorded for your protection, Max call duration 19 minutes for 0905 number. Over 18’s only. These services are for entertainment only. SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. SP: Inveroak.com, PO BOX 10015, CM1 9HH.

VIRGO
August 24 to September 22
Your wilder side wakes up as the passion moon takes a starring role – and so can you.
You have sensitive, moon- inspired understanding, making you the one everyone wants to confide in.
Partners are ready to compromise.
Single? Shared laughter grows into intense passion with another Virgo.
LIBRA
September 23 to October 23
There is romance in your chart with a game-changing creative element, so don’t hold back from expressing love in your own individual style.
That’s how you will win.
You are ready to seek out ways of gaining the experience or skills you need to make a work move.
Listen to your instincts, even the outrageous ones.
SCORPIO
October 24 to November 22
Yours is the chart with the highest levels of loyalty and honesty, and you are the one who can initiate a step into a less fixed style of family life.
You know how you really want to live and now you can make this happen.
Love debts are ready to be repaid and single status can be updated when you meet a tall style-setter.
SAGITTARIUS
November 23 to December 21
Warrior planet Mars is set to leave your sign soon, so make the most of the verve and vitality you have in abundance right now.
Set up those meetings, make those calls and release a project from your secret heart into the world.
You may not feel ready to go for a work challenge, but you are.
Just one step will prove it.
CAPRICORN
December 22 to January 20
As soon as you make a firm decision about an address, the facts and figures will fall into place and you can feel the future glowing with potential again.
A family dynamic is ready to grow and change in terms of numbers, and also in outlook. What may seem like a delay in love is actually taking you forward, and fast.
AQUARIUS
January 21 to February 18
The way you think and translate your thoughts into action is what sets you apart and can lead to a wealthy new path.
So remember and record every idea you have.
There is a love story in your heart that can have a happy ending – if that is what you want – but your romantic co-star may not be the one you expect.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination 
PISCES
February 19 to March 20
You have the intensity of the moon and the go-getting passion of Mars, so any potential lover you meet will be star-struck.
Make sure you don’t give out mixed messages, but save your impact for The One.
Be clear about what you need in love.
Luck that a community can all share starts with a football chant.

