Stephen Hawking dead – Celebrities join the world’s greatest minds to pay tribute to the physics genius who died aged 76
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5803577/stephen-hawking-dead-celebrity-tributes-latest/
14th March 2018, 11:50 am
ACTOR Eddie Redmayne, who won an Oscar for his portrayal of Professor Stephen Hawking, has led tributes to the late genius.
Joining some of the world's greatest minds to remember Hawking, who has died aged 76, Redmayne said the professor had been a "truly beautiful mind."
EPA15 Some of the greatest names in science have paid tribute to the late genius Stephen Hawking
The actor this morning released a statement, saying: "We have lost a truly beautiful mind, an astonishing scientist and the funniest man I have ever had the pleasure to meet.
"My love and thoughts are with his extraordinary family."
The English physicist who wrote A Brief History of Time was the subject of Oscar-winning film The Theory of Everything in 2014.
Former US President Barack Obama also shared a tribute, writing: "Have fun out there among the stars", while PM Theresa May wrote: "Professor Stephen Hawking was a brilliant and extraordinary mind - one of the great scientists of his generation.
PA:Press Association15 Eddie Redmayne won an Oscar for his portrayal of Hawking , paying tribute to the 'beautiful mind'
"Professor Stephen Hawking was a brilliant and extraordinary mind - one of the great scientists of his generation. His courage, humour and determination to get the most from life was an inspiration. His legacy will not be forgotten." — PM— UK Prime Minister (@10DowningStreet) March 14, 2018


Genius is so fine and rare. Goodbye Professor Hawking. You inspired and taught us all. pic.twitter.com/9Drdnv2eEe— Chris Hadfield (@Cmdr_Hadfield) March 14, 2018


His passing has left an intellectual vacuum in his wake. But it's not empty. Think of it as a kind of vacuum energy permeating the fabric of spacetime that defies measure. Stephen Hawking, RIP 1942-2018. pic.twitter.com/nAanMySqkt— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) March 14, 2018


Twitter15 American-Canadian theoretical physicist Lawrence Krauss paid tribute to Hawking, saying he 'tamed the cosmos'
"His courage, humour and determination to get the most from life was an inspiration. His legacy will not be forgotten."
Piers Morgan also paid tribute on Good Morning Britain - sharing his experience with the "hilarious" genius after he interviewed him last year.
The 52-year-old also explained that elements about interviewing the professor were “painful.”
He said: “When you asked him questions you had to submit them a month in advance so he could program his answers for days.
"I asked him a supplementary question twice in the interview and it took him half an hour to give one paragraph. It was the most painful thing to watch, a brilliant mind that would become trapped in a body that would become useless to him.”
Have fun out there among the stars. pic.twitter.com/S285MTwGtp— Barack Obama (@BarackObama) March 14, 2018


ITV15 Piers Morgan has shared his memories of Stephen Hawking following his death
Good Morning Britain presenters Piers Morgan and Charlotte Hawkins share memories of Professor Stephen Hawking 
And if the world was to end, he told Piers that he would chose to, “Be with my family and listening to Wagner while sipping champagne in the summer sun.”
Piers  revealed that outside his door there was a sign reading: “Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet, try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist, be curious.”
Touching on his humour Piers added: “He was a funny guy, you could just have fun with him. He had his carers who were with him all the time who said he was hilarious, cheeky, always popping jokes.
“It was the atmosphere all around him, it wasn’t all professorial.”
Charlotte Hawkins told viewers she also met the genius through her work with the motor neurone disease charity after she lost her father to the disease.
Astronaut Chris Hadfield, astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson and cosmologist Lawrence M. Krauss were among the names saying goodbye to Hawking.
Canadian space explorer, Chris Hadfield, posted on Twitter: "Genius is so fine and rare. Goodbye Professor Hawking. You inspired and taught us all."
PA:Press Association15 Hawking became a household name after publishing his 1988 book A Brief History of Time
Adding his own tribute, American astrophysicist, author, and science communicator deGrasse Tyson wrote: "His passing has left an intellectual vacuum in his wake.
"But it's not empty. Think of it as a kind of vacuum energy permeating the fabric of spacetime that defies measure.
"Stephen Hawking, RIP 1942-2018."
Science writer Krauss said: "A star just went out in the cosmos."
He added: "We have lost an amazing human being.
"Stephen Hawking fought and tamed the cosmos bravely for 76 years and taught us all something important about what it truly means to celebrate about being human."
Professor Brian Cox also paid tribute to the genius, telling BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "There are many good theoretical physicists who make a big contribution, but there aren't that many greats.
"And by that I mean that I think there are physicists in a thousand years' time, they will still be talking about Hawking radiation, they will be using his fundamental results on black holes.
15 Stephen Hawking helped popularise science and physics for the masses
"Actually, the last time I saw him at his 75th birthday party, he was talking about the new gravitational wave experiment where we've seen the collisions of black holes, and speculating that those results might be able to prove some of his theorems once and for all.
"Plus his contributions to the physics of the very early universe, so there are at least three and possibly more areas where his work will be remembered as long as there are cosmologists and that's the best you can hope for as a scientist."
Buckingham Palace confirmed that the Queen will also be sending a message of condolences to Hawking's family.
Remembering Stephen Hawking, a renowned physicist and ambassador of science. His theories unlocked a universe of possibilities that we & the world are exploring. May you keep flying like superman in microgravity, as you said to astronauts on @Space_Station in 2014 pic.twitter.com/FeR4fd2zZ5— NASA (@NASA) March 14, 2018


15 David Walliams paid tribute to the great man, having starred with him in a Little Britain skit
Actress and neuroscientist Mayim Bialik, who met and worked with Prof Hawking when he appeared on US sitcom The Big Bang Theory, tweeted: "As we near Pi day (3.14) I join the global community in mourning the loss of the greatest physicist of our era."
Along with a picture of Prof Hawking with the cast of the programme, she added: "#StephenHawking is free from the physical constraints of this earthly condition we all exist in and he is soaring above us now marveling at it all."
The Big Bang Theory's Johnny Galecki wrote on Instagram: "RIP #stephenhawking Not only your brilliance, but your sense of humor will be sorely missed by all."
         View this post on Instagram           RIP #stephenhawking Not only your brilliance, but your sense of humor will be sorely missed by all. “Life would be tragic if it weren’t funny.” — Stephen Hawking A post shared by  Johnny Galecki (@sanctionedjohnnygalecki) on Mar 13, 2018 at 9:28pm PDT

David Walliams, who appeared with Hawking on Little Britain, said: "Goodbye #StephenHawking Thank you for being - amongst everything else - a great laugh."
Tim Berners-Lee, who invented the World World Web, said: "We have lost a colossal mind and a wonderful spirit. Rest in peace, Stephen Hawking."
The vice-chancellor of the University of Cambridge said Hawking was an inspiration to millions.
Professor Stephen Toope said that Hawking's "exceptional contributions to scientific knowledge and the popularisation of science and mathematics have left an indelible legacy."
Astronomer Royal, Professor Lord Martin Rees, emeritus professor of cosmology and astrophysics at Cambridge, recounted meeting Hawking, saying: "His name will live in the annals of science - millions have had their cosmic horizons widened by his best-selling books, and even more, around the world, have been inspired by a unique example of achievement against all the odds - a manifestation of amazing willpower and determination."
But it wasn't only science minded fans saying goodbye.
"Look up at the stars and not down at your feet" - Professor Stephen Hawking1942-2018 https://t.co/h8uWznhEpb pic.twitter.com/RVeQx2BTxP— Cambridge University (@Cambridge_Uni) March 14, 2018


Sad to hear about Stephen Hawking. What a remarkable life. His contributions to science will be used as long as there are scientists, and there are many more scientists because of him. He spoke about the value and fragility of human life and civilisation and greatly enhanced both— Brian Cox (@ProfBrianCox) March 14, 2018


Collect15 Stephen Hawking's wedding to Jane Wilde in 1965
Rex Features15 Stephen Hawking has been compared to Albert Einstein - who also died aged 75 on 14 March in 1955
Stephen Hawking explains how we could potentially reach Mars within an hour after predicting the planet will be a ‘sizzling fire ball’ by 2600
there’s a big black hole in my heart hours before Pi day. Rest In Peace @Steven_Hawking... See you in the next ❤️— KATY PERRY (@katyperry) March 14, 2018


.@TheSimpsons RIP Stephen Hawking.  A sense of humor as vast as the universe. pic.twitter.com/528kWRhfVR— Al Jean (@AlJean) March 14, 2018


Piers Morgan, who had interview the professor, Tweeted: "RIP Professor Stephen Hawking, 76. The world’s most brilliant man, and someone who never stopped wondering ‘Why?’
"This hangs on the wall outside his office at Cambridge University. It says it all. What a life, what a genius."
Popstar Boy George went online to say: "Wow. Stephen Hawking. Nothing but respect. R.I.P."
Rock band the Foo Fighters Tweeted: "Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet" - RIP Stephen Hawking you f*****g legend."
Singer Katy Perry said: "There’s a big black hole in my heart hours before Pi day. Rest In Peace."
Red Dwarf added: "RIP Stephen Hawking. We’re honoured that he was a vocal fan of our show, and helped celebrate our anniversary in 1998."
Geeky actor Simon Pegg quoted Prof Hawking in a Twitter tribute, writing: “We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.”
RIP Stephen Hawking. We’re honoured that he was a vocal fan of our show, and helped celebrate our anniversary in 1998. pic.twitter.com/AEfvCcwbjc— Red Dwarf (@RedDwarfHQ) March 14, 2018


“We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.”Stephen Hawking— Pegg News (@simonpegg) March 14, 2018


RIP Professor Stephen Hawking, 76.The world’s most brilliant man, and someone who never stopped wondering ‘Why?’This hangs on the wall outside his office at Cambridge University. It says it all. What a life, what a genius. pic.twitter.com/jDWXqoxCqV— Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) March 14, 2018


AFP or licensors15 At the premiere of The Theory of Everything
Professor Stephen Hawking reveals fears for the future of humanity
Getty Images15 The scientist wanted to bring the story of the universe to the masses with his best-selling book A Brief History of Time
Stephen Hawking jokes that 'Zayn is still in One Direction
AFP or licensors15 US President Barack Obama presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom to British theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking during a ceremony in the East Room at the White House
The official NASA Twitter account said: "Remembering Stephen Hawking, a renowned physicist and ambassador of science.
"His theories unlocked a universe of possibilities that we & the world are exploring.
"May you keep flying like superman in microgravity, as you said to astronauts on @Space_Station in 2014."
Prof Hawking was considered a medical marvel, having lived for more than half a century with the devastating condition motor neurone disease.
Doctors gave him just two years to live, but he defied them and went on to be one of the greatest minds we have ever known.
He is often compared with Albert Einstein — who also died aged 76 on 14 March back in 1955.
The professor used a voice synthesiser since he caught pneumonia in 1985 and had to have a tracheotomy which left him unable to speak.
Alamy15 His most notable work has been on the basic laws which govern the universe - including theories about the Big Bang and black holes
EPA15 Stephen Hawking and his then wife Elaine smile on the opening day of the Frankfurt Book Fair 2005
The Theory of Everything - How Stephen Hawking's work is key to our understanding of the universeHAWKING is known for both his work popularising science and being at the forefront of it.His 1988 bestseller A Brief History of Time explained all the major theories of how the universe came to be as we see it today in language non-physicists could understand, and brought developing theories to a mass audience for the first time.
With his academic work, he was the first to build a bridge between the tiniest building blocks of the universe and how gravity works on a universal scale.
He did this by applying quantum mechanics to the behaviour of black holes - a fundamental prediction of Einstein's general theory of relativity - in a way previously thought impossible but now fundamental to our understanding of the universe.
His work, starting with a paper written in 1974, showed that black holes aren't actually entirely 'black', but leak radiation--and the rate at which they leak that radiation increases with time, leading them to eventually explode.
Bridging that gap makes one theory covering everything from the behaviour of the tiniest building blocks of matter to the interaction of galaxies possible--and gave his biopic The Theory of Everything its name.

A Cambridge scientist built an incredible device which enabled him to control a computer screen using his cheek for data entry, then have the computer read out what he has typed.
He was well-known for his robotic speech pattern - and famously refused a more normalised dialect.
He went on to Cambridge University to study Cosmology, gaining his PhD and becoming a research fellow and lecturer.
His most notable work has been on the basic laws which govern the universe - including theories about the Big Bang and black holes.
EPA15 Stephen Hawking and his daughter Lucy Hawking arrive on the red carpet for the 2015 British Academy Film Awards
Stephen Hawking joins Monty Python gang
A Brief History of Time - published in 1988 - made him a household name, explaining complex scientific theories to the masses.
In 2014 his life story was turned into the film The Theory of Everything starring Eddie Redmayne, who won an Oscar for his performance.
He carried out groundbreaking research until his death.
In later years he made several TV and film cameos as himself, notably in Little Britain and The Big Bang Theory.
Most recently he was pictured on a cinema visit in Cambridge to see Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.
He has three children from his marriage to his first wife Jane -  Robert, born in May 1967; Lucy, born in 1970 and Timothy, born April 1979 - and several grandchildren.
Confirming his passing, Hawking's children released a statement, saying: "We are deeply saddened that our beloved father passed away today.
"He was a great scientist and an extraordinary man whose work and legacy will live on for many years.
"His courage and persistence with his brilliance and humour inspired people across the world.
"He once said, 'It would not be much of a universe if it wasn't home to the people you love.' We will miss him forever."
Hawking and Jane divorced in 1995 and he married his second wife, his nurse Elaine Mason, but they divorced in 2006.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Professor Hawking dreamed of travelling in space - and accepted Richard Branson's offer of a place on his Virgin Galactic space venture.
Speaking to Piers Morgan on Good Morning Britain he said his children had brought him great joy before adding: “And I can tell you what will make me happy, to travel in space.
“I thought no one would take me but Richard Branson has offered me a seat on Virgin Galactic and I said yes immediately.”
Stephen Hawking in Little Britain: Teaser

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




