From astronaut food to waterproof matches, survivalist reveals how to stay alive in an apocalypse – without breaking the bank
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5798327/survivalist-apocalypse-prepper/
14th March 2018, 10:52 am
For many people, each new day brings greater uncertainty about their future.
As chemical warfare plays out in sleepy English towns like Salisbury and Trump prepares to meet Kim Jong-un, it's little wonder many have turned their thoughts to the end of the world.
Mikael Buck - The Sun7 Expert Brit "prepper" Lincoln Miles has shared his tips to boost your odds when doomsday arrives
Some have taken it one step further by stockpiling food in preparation for the possible apocalypse - and now shops are responding to the demand of those wanting to enhance their chances of survival.
Earlier this week, Costco Canada started selling a one-stop food package to keep a family of four alive for one year.
Their Nutristore 1-Year Premium Food Kit contains 36,000 servings of food including rice, macaroni, freeze-dried green beans, dehydrated apples, beef and chicken-flavoured tofu and butter powder.
There's enough for 2,000 calories a day, per person, and this megapack weighs a whopping 816kg.
The only downside?
At just over $5,999.99 (£4,300), it costs as much as a second-hand car (although each serving works out at a very-reasonable 12p each).
7 Costco Canada has started selling a mammoth food package which can sustain a family of four for years
However, Woodland Ways, the UK’s largest provider of bush-craft training and survival courses, leads on the principle that the more you know about natural resources, the less "stuff" you’ll need to carry.
“The US prepping community is very much ‘arm yourself to the teeth, stockpile gasoline and soup in your garage’ type thing. It's an industry obsessed by kit, ” says the organisation's James Keane.
For those looking for cheaper options for when disaster might strike, expert "prepper" Lincoln Miles - whose services have never before been so in-demand - reveals his tips to stay alive.
His business, Preppers Shop UK, started as an online shop in January 2014 but just six months later opened a physical store in Roche, Cornwall, following the success of his products.
Mikael Buck - The Sun7 Lincoln tells Sun Online that the prepping business is booming, with demand increasing each month
“Every month I’m in business is more successful than the previous,” he explains to Sun Online. “There are always spikes in sales following a big incident – like the Brexit vote or some story about Russia and Trump, for example.”
Some of Lincoln’s clients are expert preppers or professional ‘survivalists’, while others seek out his advice due to a feeling of unease about the state of the world.
“They have no desire to go into the woods, have never made a campfire or pitched a tent, but just want the reassurance of having a bag ready with everything in it, in case disaster strikes,” says Lincoln.
His shop sells plenty of these grab bags (or "bug out bags") - with a price tag far more reasonable than Costco’s monster kit, though its contents wouldn't keep you alive for as long.

APOCALYPSE HOW? These are the five ways Stephen Hawking predicted the world would end

Just under £300 would equip you with enough to survive for a minimum of 72 hours in the wild - including a sharpening stone, survival mirror and a 24 hour ration pack - then after that there are three key aspects to surviving in the wild: food, water and shelter.
The kit may look a little knife-heavy, but the gear is intended to be used for cutting down trees and fashioning useful items from wood.
Serrated knives are useful for sawing branches and felling small trees, while machetes are designed to cut a path through overgrown vegetation, with a hunting knife used to skin, gut and fillet any animals you fancy eating.
7 Prepper kit can include a bug-out bag bulging with survival essentials, knives and hunting kit
Food for fuel
Food-wise, there are three main types most suited to an emergency situation.
Your stocks should be divided up equally between tins (easy to stack and last for 25-30 years), pulses, grains and pastas (which, if dry, can be kept for tens of years), and freeze-dried food.
Known as the fuel of astronauts, freeze-dried food can be eaten as soon as you add boiled water, and although it provides all the necessary nutrition in one pack, it doesn’t come cheap. The average freeze-dried meal is around £5.
Two freeze-dried meals a day for a year would cost £3,650 – amounting to 1,000 calories a day, which, although not recommended for normal daily life, would suffice in the wild.
But rather than splashing your savings on bulk food items, you’d be better off buying minimal foodstuffs and relying on your tools and skills for sourcing food.
A pop-up solid fuel cooker (£3.95), no bigger than a wallet, is perfect for cooking your catch or boiling water. Just add a slow-burn hexamine cooking tablet for fuel (£1.95 for 8) and you’re set.
AFP or licensors7 Anxieties about the state of the world, largely focused on Trump's war of words with rival nuclear countries, have made more people think seriously about being more prepared
Re-hydration stations
Another priority is water purification tablets (£3) and a water filter (£26), so you can drink straight from a puddle or river and filter it through a straw.
Securing shelter is imperative, so your emergency bag should include a heavy-duty tarpaulin (£9) for a makeshift tent, a hammock (£54.44) and an emergency survival bag (£5.98), which doubles up as full-body waterproof lining.
In the case of any sort of chemical attack, there is a gas mask and filter (£20), plus a wind-up torch (£13.86).
You’ll need a folding saw (£6.32) or tomahawk (£19.95) to cut down branches, several knives, waterproof matches (£1.99), a fire-starter kit (£6) and turbo flame windproof lighter (£9) as basics.
But buying all this is a waste if you don’t know how to use it.
Mikael Buck - The Sun7 Some say survival hinges on kit, and others reckon it's all about skills... the truth is you probably need a combo of the two
Basic life-saving skills
Old-school primitive survival skills, like starting a fire without a lighter, fishing and hunting are all essential if you want to stand a chance if civilisation goes awry.
This should be easy enough if you spent your youth in the Scouts, but not so straightforward if the extent of your day-to-day survival is elbowing your way to the Tesco reduced aisle.
“The most important thing is to test all of your kit, make sure it works and practise your routes,” says Lincoln.
Woodland Ways offers one-day, weekend and five-day courses (starting from £95) for budding survivalists and Bear Grylls wannabes to learn about the thermal properties of water and air, foraging and creating fire by friction.
Getty - Contributor7 Preppers are convinced that the end of the world is always just around the corner
"We encourage people to come to our 5-day course with all their stuff and over the week, they find themselves eschewing much of it and throwing away what they don’t use or need. But fire, steel and a first aid kit remain vital, even if you’re a top expert in this,” says James.
In the event of a breakdown of infrastructure, escaping your home is another matter that requires some consideration.
Good old-fashioned map-reading wouldn't go amiss, as there's no doubt that Google Maps would be the first to go if everyone began frantically searching an escape route at the same time.
Most read in NewsDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
A traffic build-up to leave a city would point towards taking rural routes – think canals and towpaths – as the system runs nationwide.
James recommends leaving on foot or via waterways, which is why a grab-bag that you can sling over your shoulder is vital.
So over-packers, take note - travelling light and thinking practically is your best bet if Armageddon arrives.
Teen has spent years preparing for the end of the world and learning survival skills

