Muslim Council boss says he’d like all Muslims to feel proud to be British
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5797240/muslim-council-britain-miqdaad-versi-integration-british/
14th March 2018, 12:01 am
A LEADING Muslim Council of Britain figure has said he would like all Muslims to feel proud to be British.
Miqdaad Versi said the UK's 2million Muslims should feel "part and parcel of our community and our society" — as he called on politicians to do more to help integration.
3 Miqdaad Versi from the Muslim Council of Britain said he wants all Muslims to feel proud to be British
The assistant secretary general of the MCB, which represents mosques and charities, spoke ahead of a Government green paper on integration due to be published this week.
Mr Versi added that "universal values of democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law" should be aspired to.
He told The Sun Online: "British values include the ideas of tolerance and respect for other faiths.
"The ideas of tolerance are not British in as much as they are universal.
Getty - Contributor3 The latest census showed 73 per cent of Muslims feel proud to be British
"The ideas of democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law, these are fundamental.
"They might be British values but they are also universal values — the ones that people, wherever they come from, will want to aspire to."
Census figures from 2011 say that 73 per cent of Britain's Muslims feel "proud to state that their nationality is British".
Other polls suggest that "Muslims feel more British than other communities", Mr Versi added.
3 Mr Versi told The Sun Online that 'we all should all feel part and parcel of our community and our society'
He said: "That's consistent in data over the last few years. I think we all should (feel more British).
"The key thing is that we all should all feel part and parcel of our community and our society — feeling that this nation is one that best represents who they are and who they feel associated with."
His comments come as the Muslim Council of Britain published a report outlining its preferred "two-way street" approach to integration.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
The dossier, titled Our Shared British Future, also calls for efforts to "separate extremism with integration" and "celebrate British diversity".
Mr Versi said: "I think the key thing for me here is about positivity. When we talk about integration, this is not about a negative approach, this is about aspiring to something positive.
"If we celebrate who we are, it makes a massive difference to who we are as a nation.
"I think that approach is a fundamental thing that the government green paper will really consider and put to the fore."

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




