Theresa May shares emotional embrace with cancer-fighting ex-minister Tessa Jowell as she announces new £45m research fund
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5645584/theresa-may-tessa-jowell-brain-cancer-45m-funding-boost/
22nd February 2018, 5:20 pm
THERESA May shared a warm embrace with sick ex-culture minister Tessa Jowell today, as the pair met to unveil a £45million funding boost to help more Brits fight cancer.
The Prime Minister posted snaps of her warmly hugging the former Culture minister and discussing what more could be done to spearhead new treatments for brain cancer.
@theresa_may3 Theresa May met with Tessa Jowell and her family today to discuss brain tumour research
Mrs May said today Tessa was an "inspiration to us all" after she emotionally shared her story about her cancer battle last month.
The Prime Minister tweeted: "It was lovely to spend time with @TessaJowell and her family, talking with @Jeremy_Hunt about working with @CR_UK to provide a £45 million boost to brain tumour research to tackle a disease where survival remains woefully low. She truly is an inspiration to us all."
Today Jeremy Hunt announced £20 million in funding over the next five years to be ploughed into the National Institute of Health Research - with aims to double this when new research proposals become available.
And £25million extra will go to boosting Cancer Research UK's work into brain tumours over the next five years too - supporting work at the Children's Brain Tumour Centre of Excellence and The Institute of Cancer Research in London.
@theresa_may3 The pair met today as it was announced that £45million pounds worth of new funding would go towards the disease
AFP3 Baroness Jowell gave a moving speech to the House of Lords about her battle last month
The House of Lords gave Tessa a huge standing ovation last month as she gave an utterly moving speech about her own brain tumour fight.
The Labour peer found out she had the devastating illness when she got into a taxi and was unable to speak.
The 70-year-old said she wasn't afraid of the killer disease, but called for patients to be able to try out more experimental treatments on the NHS, as she told all about the devastating illness.
Brain tumours like the one Tessa has kill more children and adults under 40 than any other cancer, but just one per cent of cancer research money goes on looking into cures and treatments.
16,000 people in the UK are diagnosed with a brain tumour every year - but the survival rates are horribly low.
It was lovely to spend time with @TessaJowell and her family, talking with @Jeremy_Hunt about working with @CR_UK to provide a £45 million boost to brain tumour research to tackle a disease where survival remains woefully low. She truly is an inspiration to us all. pic.twitter.com/ys2nkKmn0M— Theresa May (@theresa_may) February 22, 2018


A second centre focusing on adult brain tumours is set to open later this year.
The UK's main cancer charity will also unveil a number of new partnerships over the next few months to pioneer research into how brain tumours develop, new ways to diagnose them, and trials to test personalised treatments.
Tessa has called for more "adaptive trails" in which patients can have different treatments at the same time, moving on from ones that don't work swiftly.
Former Labour cabinet minister Baroness Tessa Jowell gives emotional speech in House of Lords about her brain tumour and NHS
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan BOO WHAT? Labour bans Julia Hartley-Brewer from Conference for shouting boo in 'safe space' PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find SCAN AND SEARCH Police should use hi-tech cameras to scan yobs for knives, Khan rival says FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April 
Mr Hunt said today: "Our ambition is to deliver a big uplift in the funding of brain cancer research, while galvanising the clinical and scientific communities to explore new avenues for diagnosis and treatment in the future – it is a chance to create a genuine, step change in survival rates for one of the deadliest forms of cancer."
Experts have also been called to help with extra research into the disease, as a review found that a lack of research applications was stopping breakthroughs.
Theresa May pays tribute to ex-minister Tessa Jowell after she speaks about brave battle with cancer

