A Cornish psychic group has asked its members if they can pick up any messages from this ‘haunted’ doll… what does she ‘say’ to you?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/5589309/north-cornwall-paranormal-haunted-doll-facebook/
15th February 2018, 6:50 pm
A GROUP of paranormal investigators have asked for help picking up psychic messages from a 'haunted' doll.
North Cornwall Paranormal shared a picture of an auburn haired doll and asked their Facebook community of 15,000 ghost-hunters if they were able to tune in to the object - and help unlock her secrets.
NORTH CORNWALL PARANORMAL1 The psychic group asked its members if it was able to get any messages from this old 'haunted' doll
NCP leader Jayne Mortimer posted: "One for the Psychics, Sensitives and Mediums...
"This is an alleged “Haunted Doll” that I acquired. Do you sense anything, names, emotions etc.? Will be interested to hear your thoughts."
People's responses were varied, but they all seemed to point to the same thing - this doll isn't home to friendly spirit.
One said: "I felt really uneasy when I saw her."
Dad reveals bizarre collection of 'haunted dolls that terrorise his family'
Others said they had had similar feelings, claiming that "I see the word 'instability' when I look at her here", and that she "makes me feel head achey."
"I don't like it either, I felt very uncomfortable just looking at its picture," said one woman, adding: "I sense very unhappy feelings and I feel fear."
Perhaps the creepiest response was from one woman who believed that the doll was home to the spirit of an abused girl.
She said: "I sense a little girl called Alice very scared little girl that would sit in the corner of a room don’t feel good vibes from this doll at all."
There were other ideas filtering through, with one member adding: "A door, 1800's women walking on the street, Scotland, Chinese? Maybe I'll try again later."
Jayne added that she knows some information about the doll, and that she will reveal all about its origins and history in the near future once she has had a chance to fully investigate its paranormal properties.

If you get a message from the doll, share it in the comments below.

More spooky stories STRANGER FINS Russian troops 'developing psychic powers for battle learned from DOLPHINS' BOG-EYMAN OAP haunted by ghost who keeps flushing the toilet flees to Travelodge for peace HOLY GHOST Muslim family 'haunted by monk' call priest for exorcism as 'ghost is Christian' HAND OF GOD 'Supernatural' events scare cops as they quiz celeb medium on sex abuse claims GHOST BUSTED Benefits cheat given £20k over 'social phobias' caught working as ghost-hunter SPOOKY SELFIE Two clubbers stunned by spooky 'ghoul' photobombing selfie on night out PicturedMOST HAUNTED Images of most haunted spots from abandoned hospitals to body filled catacombs DEAD SCARY Spooky photo claims to show GHOST of dead woman hovering over her own grave FLOODY HELL Student teacher says she was photobombed by 'insidious devil with burned skin' ICE SEA DEAD PEOPLE Couple 'photobombed by captain of the Titanic's ghost' at themed pub ExclusiveGOT ANY SPIRITS? Club staff call in GHOSTBUSTERS after till and fridge open on their own HOPPING HORROR One-legged 'child like ghost' spotted hopping and screaming by side of road 
Meet the women who are relying on filters rather than scalpels to look their best in photos.
This tattoo artist is now wearing the finger she chopped off last Valentine's Day as a PENDANT.
And this is what your favourite celebrity would look like as the opposite sex.
Derek Acorah gets possessed in lively scenes from Most Haunted 

