Pregnant Kate Middleton laughs off getting her heel caught on Essex visit as she shows off growing bump
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5523417/kate-middleton-pregnant-baby-bump-latest-pictures-essex-addiction-centre/
7th February 2018, 3:57 pm
GLOWING Kate Middleton flashed a delightful smile despite getting her heel stuck in a metal grate on her visit to open a new addiction centre in Essex.
The Duchess of Cambridge, 36, who is Patron of the Action on Addiction charity which runs the centre, blossomed in an elegant blue £420 Goat coat.
PA:Press Association19 Kate smiles as she greets staff from the Action On Addiction Community Treatment Centre
Rex Features19 Kate remained cool calm and collected despite getting her heel stuck
Rex Features19 Staff could not help but watch the heavily pregnant Duchess skillfully weave her heel out of the metal grate
Kate Middleton smiles as she greets staff from the Action On Addiction Community Treatment Centre
In a bid to stop staff fretting over the incident, the Duchess shared a joke with staff who watched her with keen eyes, to ensure she safely took her heel out of the gate.
On her fifth official outing since announcing her pregnancy, the Duchess charmed staff in her trademark pair of black heels, and a black purse.
After she officially opened the new Wickford Centre, Kate took part in a round-table discussion on Clouds in the Community, as well as meeting staff and clients at different points of their recovery.
Kate offered a "huge congratulations" to the project which is "so special" to her.
Getty Images - Getty19 Duchess of Cambridge visits an Action on Addiction Community Treatment Centre, Wickford, Essex
PA:Press Association19 Kate gracefully stepped out of a vehicle as she arrived in Essex at around 2.30pm today
PA:Press Association19 The Duchess made a stylish entrance in Essex moments she almost tripped over
Getty Images - Getty19 Kate was far more focused on making staff laugh than focusing on her near fall
19 Kate spoke with clients at different points of their recovery at the Essex centre
She said: "It seems like a long time like a long time ago since I first got involved with Action on Addiction, I think it’s about six years ago, but they have a very special place for me and were really the starting of my learning particularly with now the development into mental health.
“So you are very special to me, it’s great to be here and actually seeing the development of where the charity’s gone in the years gone past.
“Huge congratulations – I believe so passionately in community projects so I wish it all the best of success in the future.”
The Duchess also joined a special reception to mark the opening of the centre for Clouds in the Community, the charity's new community-based strategy.
It is the starting point for long term recovery and abstinence, and leads to improvements in participants’ physical and psychological health, self-efficacy and overall quality of life.
PA:Press Association19 Although she had just returned from her jam-packed visit to Stockholm, Kate listen attentively to all clients and professionals
Kensington Palace19
PA:Press Association19 The Duchess of Cambridge ensures she remains hydrated during her visit
19 Clients of Clouds Community, pictured speaking with Kate, attend the centre for long term recovery and abstinence
19 Kate commended the charity which led to her growing interest in mental health
PA:Press Association19 Seven-months pregnant, Kate appeared wrought with emotion as staff revealed a plaque in her honour
Eddie Mulholland19 Kate made an effort for clients and professionals at the Essex treatment centre, with a bouncy blowdry
EPA19 Kate said the Action on Addiction centre in Essex is very special to her
PA:Press Association19 Kate thanks her royal fans for the beautiful flowers as she leaves the centre
PA:Press Association19 After Kate made every effort to greet all at the centre, she holds onto her baby bump on her way out
EPA19 Duchess of Cambridge waved her royal fans one last goodbye before getting into the vehicle
Although Kate may have chosen to wear the A-line styled coat to avoid drawing attention to her pregnancy, the coat slightly flared at her front, giving keen royal fans a glimpse of her growing baby bump.
The nine-week long programme is said to be an effective alternative to residential treatment.
The charity has several sites around the country, including its flagship Clouds House centre in Wiltshire which offers residential treatment, and a further community-based site in Liverpool.
MOST READ UKYOU MOZ BE JOKING School music lessons must 'swap Mozart for Stormzy' to improve grades 'WE MADE ONE FOR £1' Poundland trolls BT over its incredibly boring new logo SNAPCHAT KILLERS Teen knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BELT TRAGEDY Mum, 58, exempt from wearing seatbelt dies after flying out of car in crash UK FORECAST Sunny spells across UK but light showers in northern areas of England and Wales LONDON FORECAST Dry across London with warm, sunny spells and maximum temperature of 22C DYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveTEACHERS' PET School hires 'therapy dog' to help snowflake teachers unwind during exam time ExclusiveSTANDED GENTRY Mum's one-night stand with aristo led to Lad of the Manor's £50m inheritance ExclusiveLIVE STREAM Apple workers snapped going for cheeky wee behind house during map survey 
Independent evaluation of the programme in Essex showed that almost 80 per cent of clients did not return to any treatment service upon completion of the scheme.
The mum of two has just returned from her trip to Sweden and Norway with Prince William.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge donned bobble hats in freezing temperatures and had a crack at local favourite bandy hockey - played on ice with a ball instead of a puck.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge ​practice their bandy ice hockey technique during their royal visit to Sweden

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


