China WARNING: Beijing to deepen ‘strategic trust’ with Iran - Saudi Arabia on alert
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1089409/china-news-saudi-arabia-iran-crown-prince-beijing
 14:02, Tue, Feb 19, 2019 
   Beijing aims to strengthen its "strategic trust" with Iran, China's top diplomat told Iran's foreign minister Mohammad Javad Zarif at a state guest house in Beijing on Tuesday. Speaking about Mr Zarif's speech at the Munich Security Conference on Sunday, Chinese State Councillor Wang Yi said: "I saw on television how you defended the rights of Iran loud and clear at the Munich Security Conference. I think an audience of hundreds of millions of Chinese also watched what you said and you are a famous person now. Related articles   Saudi Prince brings TROOPS and WEAPONS to Riyadh to prevent ROYAL C...   ‘They will kill me’ Saudi teenager DETAINED in Bangkok after fleein... "I would like to take this opportunity to have this in depth strategic communication with my old friend to deepen the strategic trust between our two countries and to ensure fresh progress of the bilateral comprehensive and strategic partnership."Mr Wang also reiterated China's hopes in strengthening Iran's involvement in its regional affairs.Mr Zarif added: "Our relationship with China is very valuable to us. We consider the comprehensive strategic partnership between Iran and China as one of our most important relations."  China wants to build relations with Saudi's rival Iran, days before the Crown Prince visits Beijing (Image: GETTY)However, China also seeks to improve its relations with Saudi Arabia - Iran’s long-standing rival - and news of strengthening Iran ties is likely to anger Riyadh officials.Saudi Arabia's crown prince Mohammed bin Salman will visit Beijing on Thursday and Friday this week in the final stop of his Asia tour, which began in Pakistan on Sunday.His state visit to China will seek to "promote the greater development of Sino-Saudi relations" and "deepen cooperation" on China's "Belt and Road Initiative", according to Beijing's foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang. Related articles   China GROWING COTTON on Moon in LANDMARK mission to cultivate LIFE ...   WW3 WARNING: Russia and China BLAST US for sanctions on Venezuela -...   Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman will visit Beijing later this week (Image: GETTY)   China has struggled to maintain long-standing diplomatic relations between the two Arab nations.Saudi Arabia and Iran's relationship went in tatters following the 2016 attack on the Saudi embassy in Tehran.The two countries have also faced ongoing disagreements over their oil export policy, interpretations of Islam, and relations with the US and other Western nations.On Monday, Saudi minister of state for foreign affairs Adel bin Ahmed Al-Jubeir lashed out at Iran, labelling the country as the “world’s chief sponsor of terrorism”.He said: “It is strange for the foreign minister of the world’s chief sponsor of terrorism (a reference to Iran) to accuse others of engaging in terrorist activities."
