French minister DEMANDS EU 'assert itself' in face of 'difficult' US and 'giant' China
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1107221/eu-news-france-us-china-usa-europe-silk-road-jinping-macron
 14:29, Fri, Mar 29, 2019 
  Mr Le Maire said that Mr Xi’s tour of Europe marked a “turning point” in EU-China relations (Image: Getty Images)Mr Le Maire told the French daily Le Figaro: “Europe has become aware that its American ally is today a difficult partner, while the Chinese giant has become more assertive. I believe it is time for Europe to assert itself as an independent and sovereign power.” Referring to Beijing’s behemoth “Belt and Road” infrastructure project (BRI), he added: “The key challenge for Europe is very clear: do we respond [to these threats] by our unity or by our divisions. Related articles   France on Brexit: The THREE reasons France wants Britain OUT   Macron battles unions in row over hours - ‘OFFENSIVE' “Europe must make decisions faster and stronger… We are living in a period of historical transition: our political sovereignty depends on our technological sovereignty.”France, he continued, has the potential of becoming the EU’s “economic engine within 10 years”.Mr Le Maire added that Mr Xi’s brief tour of Europe this week marked a “turning point” in EU-China relations. Brussels recently switched to a more combative strategy on China, prompted by Beijing’s reluctance to open up its economy to EU investment, Chinese takeovers in critical sectors, and there is a general feeling in Europe that China is not doing enough to promote free trade.  Chinese President Xi Jinping and Emmanuel Macron this week in Paris (Image: Getty Images)The EU, the world’s largest trading bloc, has for years granted China almost unlimited access to its markets for trade and investment, and calls for a fairer trading relationship with Beijing have become louder. In a clear sign that the Brussels bloc is preparing to tighten the screw on market access conditions for Chinese businesses, it is about to introduce a system to screen foreign investments, particularly those affecting strategic infrastructure or technology.EU leaders have, however, shown willingness to engage with the BRI project if doing so translates into more access to the Chinese market.The BRI plan aims to link China by sea and land with southeast and central Asia, the Middle East, Europe and Africa, through an infrastructure network on the lines of the old Silk Road.   In a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron on Monday, Mr Xi stressed “cooperation is greater than competition” in an effort to reassure his EU partners.He said: “We shouldn’t be always worried about watching our back with suspicion while moving forward.“We want our development to benefit others and that’s the case with the BRI.” Mr Macron, for his part, called for the EU to forge a united front to confront Chinese advances in trade and technology.   The French centrist added that European firms needed better access to China (Image: Getty Images)Mr Macron aid: “Europe must be united and have a coherent message. That’s what we are doing on strategic investments.”The French centrist added that European firms needed better access to China, more trust in their exchanges and a tangible improvement in the business environment and fair competition. He also stressed that the BRI had to meet international norms.Mr Macron told a separate news conference on Tuesday: “We must… accelerate work underway between China and the European Union on modernising the WTO to better respond to issues around transparency, overcapacity, state subsidies and dispute settlement.”France and China signed deals worth billions of euros during Mr Xi’s visit, including a huge Airbus plane order, despite Paris’s hesitance to embrace the BRI project.  Mr Macron called for the EU to confront Chinese advances in trade and technology (Image: Getty Images)  France and China signed deals worth billions of euros during Mr Xi’s visit (Image: Getty Images)The two sides signed 15 business deals totalling about 40 billion euros (£34 billion), including an order for 300 Airbus planes estimated at 30 billion euros (£25 billion) alone.The contracts ranged from the renewable energy sector to shipping and banking. Mr Macron also said China had agreed to lift an embargo on French poultry.French officials have described China as both a challenge and partner, saying France must remain especially vigilant over any Chinese attempts to appropriate foreign technology for its own purposes. 
