US-China trade: Theresa May could IGNORE Trump and support 'economic ally' China
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1127005/US-China-trade-war-Dow-Jones-futures-EU-UK-Brexit-security-Huawei
 16:13, Tue, May 14, 2019 
    var brightcoveBrandsafety='' Speaking to Channel4 News, Dr Yu Jie, China Research Fellow at Chatham House, claimed the UK and other powers in Europe will have to inevitably make a choice between their economic relationship with China and their security alliances with the USA, as trade talks between the two nations continue to escalate. She warned: “Unfortunately Britain will really have to face a multiple choice game. To face the economic reality where they would count China as their partner or on the other hand stay close to the United States as a security alliance. Related articles   China-US trade war: Beijing risks INFURIATING Trump with tariffs hike   Dow Jones stock price: How is the Dow Jones doing today? “And ultimately they’re going to make that choice not just for Britain but for many other medium-ranged powers as well.”Echoing Dr Yu's warning, Martin Jacques, a senior fellow at the Department of Politics and International Studies at Cambridge University said: “I think, we’ve seen this process for some time now.”Asked if he could see Britain and the EU taking a different course away from America, he replied: “Yes, I do.“I think it’s complicated and there will be many twists and turns.“But if you look at Belt and Road, which is probably the most interesting barometer in this context, now over half the countries of the world are participating in some form or another.  US-China trade: UK and EU will be forced to pick a side between world powers (Image: GETTY) We are now talking relatively speaking about the hardcore European countriesMartin Jacques“And if you look at Europe, for some time now eastern and central Europe have been part of the 16+1 arrangement with China.“And they are looking to China, then Greece, Greece has signed up for it recently.“Italy signed a memorandum of understanding. So really we are now talking relatively speaking about the hardcore European countries.”The warning comes as the furious trade war between the two world powers escalated on Monday after Beijing confirmed it would increase tariffs to 25 percent from 10 percent from the start of next month. Their actions come after Donald Trump hiked tariffs on $200billion worth of Chinese goods on Friday. Beijing’s retaliation will infuriate the US President, who had warned his Chinese counterpart against raising tariffs.     var brightcoveBrandsafety='4 Sport and specialist news &ndash; passed for ad targeting' Writing on Twitter, Mr Trump said: “China should not retaliate-will only get worse."I say openly to President Xi & all of my many friends in China that China will be hurt very badly if you don't make a deal because companies will be forced to leave China for other countries.”Donald Trump said he would meet Chinese President Xi Jinping at a G20 summit in late June, reigniting hopes for an agreement.The American President also said on Monday that he has not made a decision to go ahead with threatened tariffs on another $325 billion in goods from China.The escalation caused Dow Jones prices to plummet by 617 points. The Dow fell by a total of 719 points yesterday, and the S&P 500 (SPX) fell 2.4 percent. The news comes after China levied a further $60 billion of tariffs on imports from the US which it initiated last year. This is the worst day Dow Jones has experienced since January 3 this year.
