'Brexit is a mire!' Mandelson takes sly dig as he hails China's 'long-term trade vision'
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/894632/Brexit-news-UK-BBC-Donald-Trump-China-Peter-Mandelson
 14:03, Wed, Dec 20, 2017 
   President Donald Trump’s new security strategy saw the billionaire label China as a “rival” to the United States.Lord Mandelson warned that a change in policy from the US could see Britain negatively impacted. The former Labour Cabinet minister added that China had an “extraordinary long-term vision” as he took a dig at Britain’s decision to leave the European Union.Speaking on Radio 4’s Today programme, he said: “This is very significant. The fact is at the moment, the West sort of sinks into a mire of Trump and Brexit and political populism and anti-globalisation.   GETTY•BBCBrexit news: Peter Mandelson took a sly dig at Brexit as he spoke about Trump's China comments“China is coming forward with this extraordinary long-term vision and plan which you rightly call ‘one belt one road’. “This is not just about massive infrastructure investment along all its supply routes and maritime highways.  “This could very well be the beginning to a parallel global order in the world.“Why? Because it is potentially building fast trading area. Stretching way beyond its own national borders. You are talking about many economies in the world becoming progressively aligned with that of China.  Related articles   Britain will be OUT of EU by January 2020: Michel Barnier reveals B...   Theresa May DISMISSES Barnier warning - PM will push for ‘ambitious...  The fact is at the moment, the west sort of sinks into a mire of Trump and BrexitLord Mandelson“You are talking potentially about the emergence of a Chinese currency. We are playing for very very big stakes here and the west I don’t think is currently coming to terms with this or understanding this in the way that it needs to.”The comments come after a document from President Donald Trump on his National Security Strategy, described both China and Russia “revisionist powers” who want “to shape a world antithetical to US values and interests.”Lord Mandelson added that if the US changed their trade strategy and became more sceptical about trade and investment with China it would have a negative impact on the UK. He said: “Yes it does because it would have a very negative impact on the whole of the international trading system.    “Look I think President Trump is right to describe China as a revisionist power. What it is not is a hegemonic power that is seeking to impose its system on the rest of the world. “It’s seeking to export goods and capital, not ideology. “The fact is, with the size of China’s population, it was only a matter of time before its accumulation of technology and capital restored it to the position of economic primacy the country enjoyed before 1800 and for the rest of us we have to come to terms with that.”During his speech on Monday, President Trump called China and Russia “rival powers” that “seek to challenge American influence, values and wealth.”
