China backs Pakistan in row with USA: Trump MUST respect Pakistan fighting Afghan terror
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/845286/china-usa-pakistan-afghanistan-terrorism-yang-jiechi-rex-tillerson
 00:01, Thu, Aug 24, 2017 
  GETTYChina orders USA to respect Pakistan’s role in fighting Afghan terrorismChina's Foreign Ministry defended its ally Pakistan earlier this week after President Donald Trump said the United States could no longer be silent about militants using safe havens on Pakistani soil. On Monday, President Trump committed the United States to an open-ended conflict in Afghanistan, signalling he would send more troops to America's longest war and vowing “a fight to win”. He insisted that others – the Afghan government, Pakistan, India and Nato – step up their own commitment to resolving the 16-year conflict, but he saved his sharpest words for Pakistan.   GETTYMr Trump said the US could no longer be silent about militants using safe havens on Pakistani soil Related articles   World War 3? Russia and China heighten tensions with joint navy drill   China threatens to defend itself against US trade investigation  We must value Pakistan's important role on the Afghanistan issueYang JiechiMr Yang, who outranks China's foreign minister, told Secretary Tillerson on Wednesday that China was willing to coordinate with the United States on Afghanistan and make joint efforts to realise peace and stability there and in the region, according to a Chinese statement issued late that night. “We must value Pakistan's important role on the Afghanistan issue, and respect Pakistan's sovereignty and reasonable security concerns,” Mr Yang told Secretary Tillerson. Pakistan has been battling home-grown Islamists for years. It sees Afghanistan as a vital strategic interest and a bulwark against old rival, India. Islamabad denies harbouring militants, who move across the porous border with Afghanistan. China and Pakistan consider each other “all-weather friends” and have close diplomatic, economic and security ties.   GETTYMr Trump also committed the United States to an open-ended conflict in AfghanistanBeijing has its own security concerns in the region, in particular any links between militants in Pakistan and Afghanistan and Islamist groups China blames for violence in its far western region of Xinjiang. Foreign Minister Wang Yi met Pakistani Foreign Secretary Tehmina Janjua in Beijing on Tuesday, according to a statement today. He praised Pakistan's efforts to combat extremism and to secure the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, a development initiative central to President Xi Jinping's global Belt and Road development plan. “Given the current complicated and changing international and regional situation, the strategic significance of China-Pakistan relations is even more prominent,” Foreign Minister Wang said. 
