Europe on the counter-offensive as US-Beijing relations freeze over
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/943356/austria-germany-china-meeting-us-beijing-relations
 09:20, Mon, Apr 9, 2018 
  AFP/GETTYPresident Xi Jin Ping invited Austrian President Alexander Van der Bellen for political talksIn a meeting with President Xi Jin Ping and Prime Minister Li Kegiang in Beijing on Sunday, Mr Kurz reportedly warned against protectionism and requested market access.The Chinese President and his counterpart welcomed Austrian President Alexander Van der Bellen to establish a friendly strategic partnership between the two countries and to further their bilateral pragmatic cooperation.Mr Van der Bellen and Mr Kurz were joined by four cabinet ministers and members of the business community on their week-long state trip to the country.Mr Kurz took to Twitter after the meeting at the Great Hall of the People in the capital, and said: “Important meeting with the President of the People’s Republic of #China, Xi Jinping, in #Beijing. Related articles   EU TRADE TURMOIL: Trump threatens €58-bn-per-year EU policy with   China trade war: EU backs Donald Trump on tariff offensive   AFP/GETTYAustrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz asked China to open its markets to Europe We discussed how to further strengthen bilateral relations, esp. in economic affairs, the Austrian #EU presidency & international topics such as the Korean peninsulaSebastian Kurz“We discussed how to further strengthen bilateral relations, esp. in economic affairs, the Austrian #EU presidency & international topics such as the Korean peninsula. #AustriaInChina.“We also underlined the importance of rule of law as well as of free and fair trade. #Austria remains supportive of the ‘One Belt One Road’ initiative. #AustriaInChina.”He said of his meeting with Mr Li: “We had a productive meeting with the Prime Minister of the People’s Republic of #China, Li Keqiang, in #Beijing. We discussed how to further foster our bilateral relations, in particular our economic relations & #tourism. Our shared aim is an even closer coop. between #Austria & #China.”He added: “900.000 tourists from #China travel to Austria each year. The #EU-China tourism year is a very good occasion to further expand #tourism in both our countries. #AustriaInChina.”Prime Minister Li said China intends to expand two-way trade and investment with Austria, and foster growth in sectors such as high-end manufacturing, science innovation and energy saving.  AFP/GETTYMr Kurz reportedly warned against protectionism and requested market accessHe said in a statement: “China is willing to deepen win-win cooperation with Austria under the Belt and Road Initiative and the 16+1 cooperation framework.”And on Monday, Mr Van der Bellen is due to lay a wreath at the Monument to the People’s Heroes in the capital, in a bid to show respect towards the nation.The talks come amid the worsening of US-Beijing relations, after a tit-for-tat tariff war between the two countries which escalated last week when Beijing unveiled a list of US exports worth about $50 billion that it plans to target with a new set of duties.The move came just hours after Washington set out its own set of Chinese exports worth around the same amount that it plans to target with tariffs, in a bid to punish Beijing for what the White House views as the theft of intellectual property and forced transfer of valuable technologies.  GETTYThe talks come amid a tit-for-tat tariff war between the US and China which are worsening relationsChina’s latest attack also marked the third set of duties set out between the pair, after Beijing declared it was imposing penalties on $3 billion in US exports on products such as fruit, wine, recycled aluminium and pork.Meanwhile, the White House and the German government announced that Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, will be visiting Mr Trump in Washington later this month.The visit, which is planned for April 27, will mark her second official trip to meet Mr Trump and her first since being sworn in for a fourth term last month.The timing of the talks would allow the leaders to meet just days before a US tariff waiver on imports of European steel and aluminium lapses on May 1.
