Britain's WW3 THREAT: Russia, China and NORTH and SOUTH POLES are UK dangers in 2019
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1064907/Britain-WW3-threat-russia-china-north-pole-south-pole-UK
 PUBLISHED:  00:01, Sun, Dec 30, 2018 
  THREAT: There are fears Russia could have more nuclear missiles, like this one (Image: TASSvia Getty Images)But if you thought 2019 was just going to be about Brexit and Dancing On Ice, think again. In military terms, the threats we face range from Russia successfully testing a hypersonic nuclear missile to confrontation against China. We will also have to consider tackling Islamic State and its affiliates in Syria, Nigeria and at home. Related articles   World War 3 fears EXPLODE as Russia tests new NUCLEAR bomber   WW3 ALERT: US in SHOCK as Putin moves supersonic bombers in Caribbean  In cyber terms, these players represent a clear and present danger that could trigger a Nato crisis or deliberate attacks on our national infrastructure. That each of them seek to undermine the global order is not news but, in a mark of the extraordinary times we live in, they are being encouraged in part by the US. As long as President Trump continues to pursue his America First doctrine, the US administration mirrors their disrespect to international institutions.   US President Donald Trump (Image: SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images)Despite the budget crisis, Britain remains a Tier 1 military power, theoretically able to deploy a sizeable force to any hotspot, either alone or with allies. The post-Iraq “gun shyness” which has seen us focus on training missions is slowly giving way to a new political confidence to take action. But as we embark on a new chapter outside the EU, we will have to carefully balance trade with threat, and pragmatism with principle. Related articles   WW3: Putin’s nuclear-armed drone sub ‘could trigger 300ft tsunami'   Donald Trump: US leader hints at trade deal SUCCESS with China  CHINAIn a year which has seen Russia carry out a nerve attack on British soil, it may surprise some that China should be placed top of our list of threats. But the reason is simple. Russia’s may provide real challenges for the next decade, or however long before it is that before Putin retires from ill health, but China’s threat is institutional, and not reliant on any single individual.China’s belt and road initiative has already seen its global reach grow as it invests heavily in Africa, Europe and Asia, providing  infrastructure at crippling terms of interest. Private and state-owned Chinese firms have acquired stakes in eight major European maritime ports. And where it has an economic presence, its navy acts like a shadow. As it continues to exert an stranglehold in the South China Sea - the worlds’ most important trade route and the most likely flashpoint for military engagement - its PLA Navy now operates naval exercise thousands of miles from its shores.  Chinese firms have acquired stakes in eight major European maritime ports (Image: Li Tang/VCG via Getty Images)China’s drive to modernise its armed forces saw it increase defence spending by 8.1 per cent last year. While, at £146bn, it is still dwarfed by the US, its focus on naval and air power is impressive, with hypersonic missiles that  travel six times faster than the speed of sound. It means the window countries have to assess and defend becomes dangerously small. A subsonic missile launched from China’s eastern seaboard at 0.8 Mach could take 18 minutes to hit Taiwan, while a Mach 10 could hit pay-dirt in just 90 seconds.  China should be placed top of our list of threats (Image: Luo Huibo/VCG via Getty Images)If the likelihood of a nuclear strike is remote, and we file clashes in the South China Sea as tomorrow’s problem, consider that China’s cyber weapons are already being used. According to the National Cyber Security Centre the state-sponsored Apt 10 group is already stealing industrial secrets and IP from Europe, Asia and the US in “one of the most significant and widespread cyber intrusions against the UK and allies uncovered to date”. Add our desire for its 5G technology and need to trade in the mix , and we are left with out most challenging foe. The fact that it will become the world’s largest economy without being a democracy or adhering to human rights norms means we will have to work hard to draw red lines.  Related articles   Putin's 2019 DOMINATION: Russia plots New Year path   World War 3 fears EXPLODE as Russia tests new NUCLEAR bomber RUSSIA Relations with Russia remain at freezing temperature following the Salisbury attacks. Earlier this month General Mark Carleton-Smith, head of the British Army, warned that Vladimir Putin presents a greater threat to UK national interest than Islamic State terrorists.Moscow’s recent confirmation that it has properly joined the hypersonic missile club should worry us all, for the reasons stated above. The  decision of both the US and Russia to pull out of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty  means we face a stark challenge.Much more likely, however, is that Vladimir Putin tests the resolve of Nato with an Article 5 challenge, either in Ukraine - where recently it took control of the narrow Kerch Strait, denying access to the Ukrainian port of Mariupol-  or one of its former areas of control such as Estonia, where British troops are based.    Again, cracks in the world order may offer Vladimir Putin a temptation too far - in this case, the US’ commitment to Nato. Up to now, Trumpanian rhetoric was balanced by assurances from able members of his cabinet that he didn't mean it. In fact the US added a new armoured brigade and an extra £1.1bn to the European defence plan. But defence secretary Gen Jim Mattis’ resignation has caused even the Ministry of Defence to consider the once unthinkable prospect of the US quitting Nato.  A serviceman of an S-400 Triumf missile system crew in Russia (Image: Sergei Malgavko\TASS via Getty Images)If that happens, it’s game over. Europe’s two great military powers, Britain and France, cannot carry the weight of Russian deterrence without US support.Talk of a so-called EU defence force is merely political wallpaper.Meanwhile Russia continues to carry out influence campaigns with impunity, its troll farms operating from St Petersburg and third nations, while its intelligence services carry out nefarious black ops.When it comes to Europe, Putin has another card to play: EU members, particularly Germany, rely on its gas exports. Related articles   ISIS RETURNS: Elite Russian forces raid 'TERROR network funding war'   Revealed: How Iran wages ‘CYBER TERRORISM’  TERRORAfter a bloody 2017 that included attacks on Westminster and London Bridges plus the Manchester Arena, this year was blessedly quiet for terror incidents on UK soil.But with MI5 thwarting at least one major attempt every month, it’s no wonder the terror threat remains severe.The recent drone fiasco at Gatwick airport is a sharp reminder that islamic State operates “Kamikaze” drones packed with explosives in the Middle East. Its cyber wing will soon be able to mount massive disruption campaigns against UK infrastructure, including our relatively insecure railway network. While our intelligence services remain vigilant here we cannot ignore the fact that Islamically-inspired terror group continue to flourish abroad.   CARNAGE: A pedestrian is treated at 2017 Westminster terror attack (Image: Carl Court/Getty Images)   Britain, France and other coalition partners will remain in Syria despite the US withdrawal because, while the caliphate is no more, IS jihadis continue to operate. Most who escaped headed for North Africa, where Libya continues to provide fertile respite to reorganise and plan attacks in Europe. But it is Africa that we must now look to.Flashpoint include Nigeria where Boko Haram now dominates, and the Sahel, that band which links the Sahara to the Savannah and which contains, according to US military experts, “probably the largest card-carrying group” of Islamic State members outside Iraq and Syria.” While French-led forces are already taking steps in Mali, Britain’s contribution is limited to providing helicopters.  This may well change next year.  Related articles   ISIS 2.0 RISING: Interpol sends SHOCK warning of SECOND WAVE of terror   Gatwick: Army sends for equipment that beats IS NORTH AND SOUTH POLESSpecial mention must go to the Arctic and Antarctica, where Russia and China have both ramped up operations to dominate. In the North Pole melting ice makes the extraction of minerals such as tantalum (vital for nuclear reactors) and zirconium is much easier, and it’s a prize China seeks to grasp.  It also wants to exploit a Northern Sea route to ship goods to Europe. Its partnership with Russia, which wants to exploit gas and benefit from the new route, sees the area turning into a flashpoint for conflict.   Britain remains a Tier 1 military power (Image: Lockheed Martin/Ministry of Defence via Getty Images)It is little wonder that Britain, one of the first four observers to the Artic Council, will begin to station RAF fighter jets there for the first time, while sending a Royal Marine contingent for the long winter months. Antarctica is also a magnet for both countries, not only in terms of mineral wealth but also as the perfect launching pad for satellites which will help both countries create GPS systems to match the US.China spends more there than anywhere else, a fact that should hit home.
