Kim Jong-un and Putin could meet next week -North Korean despot's deputy SPOTTED in Russia
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1115650/Kim-Jong-un-and-Putin-could-meet-next-week-North-Korean-despot-s-d
 20:02, Wed, Apr 17, 2019 
    var brightcoveBrandsafety='' Kim Chang-son, the North Korean leader's de facto chief of staff, was seen roaming around Vladivostok train station this afternoon appearing to inspect the vicinity, according to Japan broadcaster Fuji News Network (FNN) who broadcast the footage. The Secretariat of the State Affairs Commission often travels to countries before Kim Jong-un, and was previously spotted in Singapore before the North Korean leader's summit with US President Donald Trump in June 2018. Mr Chang-son was seen visiting hotels and factory sites in Singapore and Hanoi. According to Flightaware.com, North's flag carrier, Air Koryo, has also scheduled a special flight to Vladivostok next week. Related articles   Macron wades into North Korea row - Kim MUST give up nuclear weapon...   World War 3: North Korea STILL developing nuclear weapons in HIDDEN... The airline typically only flies the route on Mondays and Fridays, according to its website.Chad O'Carroll, an analyst and chief executive of the Korea Risk Group, said the flight data was "unusual" but said it was "too early to state with confidence that it's related to anything summit-related."He told CNN: "We've seen non-scheduled flights take place on many times during the past year, but usually still on Mondays and Fridays - in addition to the normal ones. So this could just be due to an exceptional passenger load."Mr O'Carroll said the specific plane model "could be for government use" as it is almost never flown from Vladivostok to Pyongyang.  Kim and Putin are rumoured to meet in Russia next week (Image: GETTY)    var brightcoveBrandsafety='' Mr Chang-son's visit has bolstered speculations that Mr Jong-un will head to Russia next week to meet Mr Putin in Vladivostok, days before the two leaders travel to Beijing for the international China’s Belt and Road Initiative held between 26 and 27 April.Sources have claim the North Korean and Russian leaders will meet at the forum in Beijing for a high stakes summit.A source previously told Yonhap: “Chances are fairly high that a summit between Russia and North Korea could take place around that time.” BNO reports the date is likely to be April 24. Related articles   World War 3 AVOIDED: Trump warns ‘we would be at WAR with North Kor...   World War 3 fears: Defcon warning system at LEVEL 5 as North Korea ...   Kim and Trump at the historic US-North Korea summit in Singapore last year (Image: GETTY)    var brightcoveBrandsafety='' Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Monday did not confirm the meeting between the two leaders, but said a summit is being prepared.Meanwhile, the US special representative for North Korea, Stephen Biegun, is now headed to Moscow amid swirling rumours Mr Jong-un will the meet Russian President.This comes as the US attempts to bolster talks over their nuclear agreement with North Korea, which has been brought to a standstill since Mr Jong-un and US President Donald Trump's summit in Hanoi earlier in February this year.Russia has since backed North Korea's calls for sanctions relief in exchange for denuclearisation, while Mr Trump continues to spearhead his plan to completely disarm the Korean peninsula.On Tuesday, South Korean deputy foreign affairs minister Kim In-chul said that Seoul is aware "that the summit between Russia and North Korea is being pushed forward."
