Broken records: A look at The Rolling Stones' most notable achievements
https://www.express.co.uk//entertainment/music/655948/The-Rolling-Stones-Cuba-Havana-gig-pictures-record-breaking-Satisfaction-tour
 16:44, Sun, Mar 27, 2016 
  GETTYThe Rolling Stones became the first British rock band to play in Cuba after Friday’s historic gigMick Jagger has just inspired a crowd of 500,000 Cubans to sing “you can’t always get what you want” during The Rolling Stones’ first-ever concert in the country – the first British rock group to play Havana and an event that made rock’n’roll history. Under Cuba’s communist government, the people often can’t get what they want, although they are now able to own small businesses and mobile phones. The slow changes afoot include President Raul Castro allowing the band to perform in Cuba for the first time in their 54-year history. Until now, their music had been deemed an “ideological deviation”. That might be more apt than at first seems the case. For the group – who started calling themselves the “world’s greatest rock’n’roll band” as long ago as the 1960s and arguably still retain the title – have done more to define the look, attitude and sound of rock’n’roll than any other in the genre’s history. And this is not their first political coup…   GETTYDuring China’s Cultural Revolution, the Stones were considered a symbol of decadent capitalismDuring China’s 1966-76 Cultural Revolution the Stones were considered a potent symbol of decadent capitalism, but in 2006 they became the first international rock band to play a gig there: a date that took decades to organise.  Chinese rock pioneer Cui Jian, whose songs were anthems for student protesters in Beijing’s Tiananmen Square in 1989, said the show was a “milestone” for him and for all rock fans in China.  However, the government banned the Stones from performing five of their biggest hits because of suggestive lyrics (including Brown Sugar and Honky Tonk Woman).  The band said that they accepted the restrictions as the price to pay for a concert that also became the first show by a foreign band to be relayed live by CCTV, the Chinese state broadcaster. Having outlasted nearly all of their 1960s contemporaries, the most famous band to be belting out hits well into old age (the four current members have a combined age of more than 288 years) were also the first British band to be actively promoted as bad boys back in the 1960s.  The gimmick stuck as an image (partly because it was true).  With hair longer than any other group and an attitude that made The Beatles look like choir boys, the Stones took full advantage of their image as “the group parents love to hate”.  They were the first band to be seen urinating in public – something that The Beatles would never have done.Their version of the blues standard Little Red Rooster, which had become a British No.1 in 1965, was the first song by a British band to be banned in the US because of its “objectionable lyrics” – something that delighted the Stones’ then-manager Andrew Loog Oldham who had urged them to record it precisely to maintain their bad boy image.In 1978 Stones’ guitarist Keith Richards became the first pop artist in history to be ordered by a judge to play two free concerts in lieu of the usual minimum seven-year prison sentence for importing narcotics into Canada.  The band played Toronto to apologise after 22 grams of heroin was found in his room.   GETTYKeith Richards was once sentenced to play two free gigs after heroin was found in his hotel roomIn February 1986, two days after playing a private tribute show at London’s 100 Club for Ian Stewart – the band’s original pianist and road manager who had died of a heart attack the previous December – they became the first British band to receive a Lifetime Achievement Award at the Grammys.  Previous recipients included Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra.  The Beatles did not win the same accolade until January 2014. In November 1994, the band broadcast 20 minutes of live audio and video from a performance in Dallas the week before.  The event was one of the first examples of streaming, and made the Stones the first major rock band to broadcast on the internet.  In December 1998, the Stones became the first rock’n’roll band to perform in RussiaAs pioneers of corporate sponsorship, their 1997 worldwide tour saw the biggest deal ever done when long-distance carrier Sprint paid £2.5 million to print its company logo on tickets and stage banners. In December 1998, they were the first rock’n’roll band to perform in Russia.  They first applied to perform in Moscow in 1967 but were banned after Soviet officials went to watch them play a concert in Warsaw, Poland, and didn’t like what they saw.  Fans came from as far as Siberia to attend the show.   GETTYMick Jagger talking to rock'n'roll pioneer Chuck BerryTheir 2005 A Bigger Bang Tour over 147 dates set a record at £1.15 million in gross receipts in less than four months.  Overall, the tour – which lasted for two years – earned a staggering £395 million, and was the highest-grossing tour of all time until overtaken by U2’s 360 Degrees Tour, which took place from 2009-2011. In 2013, the Stones made their Glastonbury debut in a performance considered by many the best ever by a reigning British rock band and described by organiser Michael Eavis as: “the high spot of 43 years of Glastonbury”. The following year, the band touched down in Tel Aviv aboard their private jet, emblazoned with their tongue logo, and accompanied by 70 staff for a historic visit – the first performance in Israel by one of the two bands that founded modern popular music.  The Beatles’ Paul McCartney performed in September 2008.Related articles   The essential guide for the legend: David Bowie in his own words  Freedom is music to their ears as Brexit beauties take pop at voters  'Hola Habana!' Rolling Stones rock Cuba as music ban lifted
