BACK ME! Macron demands ‘coordinated European approach’ in China trade bid
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/902308/Emmanuel-Macron-latest-news-China-state-visit-Xi-Jinping-trade-France-Beijing
 14:55, Tue, Jan 9, 2018 
  GETTYMacron is on a state visit in China for three daysThe French President wants to improve diplomatic and trade relations with China, the world’s second largest economy. The Chinese President Xi Jinping and President Macron will be signing business deals worth billions of dollars for better trade ties. The two leaders signed deals in the nuclear, aviation and sectors on the second day of the state visit.   GETTYThe state visit is the first for Macron Xi Jinping and President Macron will be signing business deals worth billions of dollarsMr Macron said European counties had in the past come to China with different agendas and he wanted to discuss the EU’s agenda with Xi.He said: “We need a coordinated European approach that gives China more visibility about our agenda.” The European planemaker Airbus also said they planned to boost the number of aircraft they assemble in China.  Related articles   Brigitte Macron and husband Emmanuel pictured on China trip   Macron and Merkel plotting major EU power-grab after German talks President Macron was given a tour of Beijing’s Forbidden City on Tuesday before a day of business deals with the Chinese leader Mr Jinping. Mr Macron said: “We are at a crucial point in the world” and Xi said the two countries would “work hand-in-hand” and hold more high level talks on trade.The president came to China with 50 business leaders and gave Xi a horse from the Republican Guard as a gift.   GETTYMacron wants to increase the business deals between China and France During the state visit, the Chinese online retailer JD.com announced plans to sell French goods worth £1.8 billion to Chinese consumers over the next two years. The French President has also released a video of him saying “make the planet great again” in Mandarin.    The US President Donald Trump visited Beijing in November when he was given a lavish welcome. President Macron has said he would visit China every year of his five-year presidency. 
