Concerns over Hinkley Point nuclear power station deal ahead of China talks
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/706773/Concerns-Hinkley-Point-nuclear-power-station-deal-China-talks
 PUBLISHED:  00:01, Sat, Sep 3, 2016 
  GETTYThe £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power station deal appears to be on the brink of being cancelledThe project, which is due to be financed by the Chinese and built by the French state owned energy company EDF, was delayed by the Prime Minister shortly after she took office in July. It had been championed by former Chancellor George Osborne, who Mrs May sacked, as part of a “golden era" of British/ Chinese relations. Mrs May is set to have long bilateral talks in the Chinese city of Hangzhou on Monday with Chinese President Xi Jinping immediately after the G20 summit where the issue is set to come up.  Related articles   ‘New Hinkley Point power station not essential for UK to meet targets'   May threat to cut CHINA out of UK nuclear deal over security The Chinese are reportedly “confused and upset" about the delay which is understood to be over concerns Mrs May's advisers have about China. A Downing Street source last night suggested that the Prime Minister does not plan to indicate if the project will get the go ahead leading to speculation that she plans to cancel it altogether.   GETTYThe Chinese are reportedly “confused and upset" about the delayThe source said: “The purpose of the bilateral is more about establishing a broader relationship. It is possible that this [Hinkley Point] may come up but it is not the focus of it I think that the work that the Government is doing is looking at all the kind of element parts of the decision. We want strong relations between the countriesSourceThe source said that the Government is still “looking at the component parts of the decision and we will continue to do so."     Related videos   Government urged to make quick decision on Hinkley   Hinkley Point C Timeline   Greenpeace: Hinkley Point is 'monumentally bad deal' But she added: “We want strong relations between the countries." And dismissing its importance the source said: “I am not sure when you look round the world that we [Britain] are defined by one energy project." 
