Steal Kate's style - Copy the Duchess of Cambridge's purple lace dress for LESS than £40
https://www.express.co.uk//life-style/style/613592/Kate-Middleton-purple-lace-dress-buy
 13:08, Wed, Oct 21, 2015 
  SPLASHThe Duchess of Cambridge stepped out in a purple dress this morningKate, who is a mother-of-two, looked incredible as she welcomed the Chinese president Xi Jinping and his wife, Peng Liyuan to Lancaster House this morning. The pair looked thrilled to meet Kate, who was wearing a stunning aubergine lace dress with matching stilettos.  Related articles   Get the look: How to copy Susanna Reid's glossy locks with a...   How to get X Factor star Rita Ora's hair: Steal her style with... The wife of Prince William, Kate has always had her finger on the pulse when it comes to fashion and today was no different. With her brunette locks curled to perfection, the rain wasn't going to dampen this beauty's look.   SPLASHThere's no denying how fabulous Kate looked in the frock, despite the rain  JD WilliamsJD Williams is stocking a very similar dress for just £75The Duchess opted for Dolce & Gabbana to welcome the Chinese president on day two of his four day visit to the UK. Wrapped in luxurious Guipure lace, it's no surprise Kate's smiling as she wears a frock that will've set her back a whopping £1850. If you fancy buying the exact style of dress Kate's wearing now, grab it while it's still in stock at Net-a-Porter. But if a frock costing nearly £2k is a little much for you, why not steal Kate's style by dressing like the princess for less.   Topshop • House of FraserTopshop and House of Fraser also have variations on the dress in stock   Digital retailer JD Williams is stocking a lovely lace-sleeve dress with a velvet body for just £75.00. Starting at a size 10 and going up to a 32, there's something for everyone. If red's more of your cuppa, House of Fraser has an Alice & You dress perfect for every Christmas party. Go ravishing in red for just £50 in this scallop-edged lace dress - currently available in size 8-18. Finally, for a more edgy look try a completely lace body con frock at a mere snip of the price of Duchess Kate's - £35. Head down to your local Topshop or shop online for the Lace Bodycon Dress by Glamorous, stocked in S,M and L. 
