World War 3: CIA insider reveals China’s ‘CHECKMATE’ move to crush US
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1073735/ww3-cia-head-james-liley-reveals-china-checkmate-spt
 14:46, Thu, Jan 17, 2019 
   China and the US currently have mutual political, economic and security interests, despite an ongoing dispute over Taiwan and an increasing trade war. Both Xi Jinping and Donald Trump have held military drills on land and water to boast new state-of-the-art technology in recent months as a show of power. However, former head of the CIA in Asia – James Liley –  says China has focused a lot of time on studying the US military and its weaknesses.  Related articles   WW3: Trump unveils space sensors to trace and destroy enemy missiles   IRAN WARNING: Furious Germany says Tehran 'shooting itself in foot' Mr Liley revealed the People’s Liberation Army is aware of two ways to tackle US forces in disputed waters during an interview on Amazon Prime’s “Empires at War” documentary. He detailed on the 2015 series: “The Chinese are now aware we are dependent on two things militarily in Asia.“Number one is satellites and number two is aircraft carriers. “They have demonstrated to us they can take out each one.   A former CIA worker revealed the plan (Image: GETTY)  James Liley issued the warning (Image: AMAZON) The Chinese are now aware we are dependent on two things military in AsiaJames Liley“Will they ever do it? I doubt it, but it is psychological warfare.”Should the Chinese military take out a satellite during the conflict, US communications would be completely sabotaged, leaving warships stranded at sea and prone to attack. They demonstrated this ability when they destroyed their own satellite with a laser in 2007 and numerous times in waters around Taiwan.On October 26, 2006, a Chinese Song-class submarine surfaced within five miles of the USS Kitty Hawk air carrier in the Pacific Ocean.The vessel was surrounded by dozens of ships in a protective formation, but nevertheless, the Chinese sub managed to slip through unnoticed.  The Kitty Hawk was surrounded in the Pacific Ocean (Image: GETTY)Former US Diplomat for China Jon Tkacik admitted at the time: “Nobody saw or heard it.“We knew this submarine was equipped with very advanced torpedoes and, if it wanted to, it could have sunk us.”Mr Liley is not the first to point out these weaknesses in the US military. Earlier this month, Chinese military strategist Wan Xiangsui branded the same two issues as Americas “Achilles heel”.  The Chinese destroyed their own satellite (Image: GETTY)He said: “Satellites are an American strong point but they can also be a weak point. “The US relies on satellites to control their entire communications network and that is a weakness. “This dependance reminds me of the Greek legend Achilles who was invulnerable, except his heel. “Satellites will be America’s Achilles heel.”
