Kim Jong-un EXPOSED: North Korea defector on escape from BRUTAL ‘concentration camp’
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1069081/kim-jong-un-exposed-north-korea-defector-brutal-concentration-camp-spt
 19:23, Tue, Jan 8, 2019 
   The Supreme leader turned 36 today, celebrating with a visit to China to meet President Xi Jinping. Over the years, Kim has come under attack for the conditions inside North Korea, as well as the treatment of his people. One area that has received particular focus has always been the prisons and their apparently inhumane conditions.  Related articles   World War 3: China ENRAGES USA by courting madman Kim Jong Un   Kim Jong-Un birthday: How old is North Korean dictator?  North Koreans can be sentenced to hard labour for trying to escape the country or simply speaking out against the regime. Conditions inside these facilities are said to be unsanitary and life-threatening and it is rumoured prisoners are subject to torture.The DPRK government denies all allegations of human rights violations in prison camps, claiming that this is prohibited by criminal procedure law.However, Dong Hyuk Shin, a 26-year-old North Korean defector, revealed this is far from the truth during a 2008 Google Tech Talk.Mr Shin, who called one of the prisons home until 2005, compared his experience inside camp No.14 in Pyonhannam-do to that of Hitler’s Nazi concentration camps.  Dong Hyuk Shin has spoken out against Kim Jong-un (Image: GETTY)  Dong Hyuk Shin showerd the scars on his back (Image: YOUTUBE) It’s too hard for me to explain the torture I receivedDong Hyuk ShinHe revealed: “Since everybody inside the camp is a prisoner, they are all treated the same. “How you are treated depends on the quality of your work.“If your work is satisfactory, the officers recognise you, if you don’t they criticise you.“The most difficult part is eating properly, no matter how much you’re beaten, you need food to endure it.“You are given the same food for every meal for the whole year, but that is all I knew from when I was born.”  Dong Hyuk Shin detailed officers inside the camp taking him away (Image: YOUTUBE)  Dong Hyuk Shin said the officers beat him (Image: YOUTUBE)Mr Shin revealed that, while at the camp, he endured daily beatings, torture, starvation-level rations, saw forced abortions and even witnessed the public execution of his mother and brother in 1996.He added: “It’s too hard for me to explain the torture I received, but I wrote about it in my book.“I was once on my way out to work when officers came in and blindfolded me before taking me away.“I was young, only 14, and according to the officers my mum and brother tried to escape. “They asked me if I knew anything about it and then they tortured me with fire – I still have the scars 10 years on.”On January 2, 2005, Mr Shin escaped the concentration camp and one month later fled North Korea. 
