Trump is 'symptom NOT cause' of US-China trade war warns professor
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1018819/trump-usa-china-trade-war-dani-rodrik-comments-latest
 17:41, Mon, Sep 17, 2018 
  Donald Trump (Image: GETTY)The comments were made about growing trade tensions between the two economic superpowers at the the Singapore Summit, an annual coming together of business leaders from across Asia.Dani Rodrik, professor of international political economy at the John F Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, insisted Mr Trump’s “crazy” actions had worsened the situation, but his importance should not be blown out of proportion.He said: “I think we must not exaggerate the importance of Trump. I think Trump is very much a symptom and not the cause ... Whether Trump is president of the United States or not, in many ways we'll be facing such tensions.“China is playing the long game. I view Trump really as a temporary phenomenon, there are deeper issues.” Related articles   US TRADE WAR: Trump plotting $200bn MORE tariffs as China talks fail   Trump gearing up for WW3? US Air Force must EXPAND He told CNBC the US President “isn't making it easy for us because of the crazy way in which he's managing it”.China and the US have become embroiled in an increasingly fractious trade war ,involving them imposing a string of tariffs on each other.The latest move has seen the US President approve tariffs of another $200 million on Chinese goods, which could go live in the next few days.Mr Rodrik insisted structural problems in the world economy and inevitable competition between two huge global superpowers were the underlying causes of the worsening situation.  China president Xi Jinping (Image: GETTY)He views the tit-for-tat behaviour as the “broad-based reactions to the kind of economic policies that we've pursued in the last quarter century.”Mr Rodrik stressed Mr Trump has “basic instincts" geared towards protecting his nation’s economy, but lacks a long-term strategy. This could be explained in the view that "exports are good, imports are bad”, and ”whatever is good for me must be bad for you, and vice versa”.George Yeo, Singapore's former foreign minister, claimed at the conference that the emergence of China as a major economic force capable of challenging America was the true "big story”.He believes the resulting trade wars could go on for many years to come. He said “for Peter Navarro, it's Death by China” - in reference to Mr Trump’s trade advisor and fierce China critic, who wrote a book of that title. Related articles   China threatens RETALIATION after Trump warns of fresh tariffs   US TRADE WAR: China to slap US with SANCTIONS after WTO meeting He added: “It's not difficult for an economic war to become a political war to become a real war. On the other hand, I think China will need to understand that it has been a free rider on the system created by the US, of openness, and it would have to provide a certain amount of ... policy space for the Europeans and the Americans too.”Established in 2012, the Singapore Summit is billed as a major opportunity for business and thought leaders to discuss opportunities and challenges that could impact regional and global growth, prosperity and stability.The comments come as Mr Trump tweeted the tariffs had been good for the US.He said: “Tariffs have put the US in a very strong bargaining position, with Billions of Dollars, and Jobs, flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable.“If countries will not make fair deals with us, they will be ‘Tariffed’.”He added: “Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life, and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!”The US president announced the plan to impose a 25 percent tariff on steel and a 10 percent tariff on aluminum imports in March.
