DO OR DIE: EU could 'GIVE IN to nationalism' in crunch 2019 election, commissioner admits
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1008179/eu-news-european-parliament-election-pierre-moscovici
 06:44, Sat, Aug 25, 2018 
   A poll in July showed that eurosceptic parties could expand their power in the EU Parliament by over 60 per cent next year, sparking fears populism could spread across the bloc.  “The upcoming European elections are probably the most important yet,” Mr Moscovici told France Info radio. “The question we must ask ourselves is, do we continue on this European adventure by combating nationalism or do we give in to nationalism?” he said. “A lot is at stake” in the elections, he continued: “Do we say ‘enough’ or do we push for more? Do we continue to call ourselves ‘European’? Are we capable, in a world ruled by the likes of [Donald] Trump, [Vladimir] Putin and [Xi] Jinping, to say that we have a European model that is the right mix of economic efficiency and social justice?”  Related articles   NATIONALISM and egoism are stalking Europe again warns German MEP   SWEXIT: How Swedish EUROSCEPTICS could emerge as BIGGEST party afte... But this European model is “being attacked from within by so-called populists,” he warned, adding that in socialist eyes, populists were none other than “far-right leaders hostile to democracy; or in favour of an illiberal democracy”. Populists believe in a society in which “the rule of law is of secondary importance,” Mr Moscovici said. European political groups are already laying the groundwork for the May 2019 elections, with many traditional parties dreading, as in the 2014 vote, a tepid turnout and increased support for anti-Brussels, nationalist politicians. Eurosceptic parties could increase their power in the European Parliament by over 60 per cent if they win enough seats next May, a survey published last month showed.   Pierre Moscovici said that a surge in support for far-right parties could change the face of Europe (Image: getty)  Mr Moscovici said the EU needs to find the right mix of economy and social justice (Image: getty)The study, conducted by Reuters and based on national opinion polls conducted by a variety of bodies in 27 EU states, pointed to a rise in eurosceptic transnational groupings in the Parliament next year. It provides a “rough” snapshot of anticipated voting tendencies, Reuters said. The Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy (EFDD) group, which includes parties such as UKIP and Italy’s anti-establishment Five Star Movement, could see their number of seats increase from 45 to 59. The Europe of Nations and Freedom (ENF) group, which includes French far-right chief Marine Le Pen’s National Rally party and Geert Wilders’ Dutch Freedom Party, could nearly double their number of seats to 63 from 35.  Such results would give populist parties more sway and influence over European legislation.   
