Donald Trump threatens China with MASSIVE tariffs unless ‘REAL DEAL’ on trade is agreed
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1054462/Donald-Trump-China-Xi-Jinping-tariffs-trade-war-deal
 02:27, Wed, Dec 5, 2018 
  “We are either going to have a real deal with China, or no deal at all” (Image: GETTY )Trump issued the dramatic threat via his Twitter account. It followed an apparent thaw in US-China relations, with the two countries agreeing not to place any new tariffs for 90-days at the G20 summit. Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping warmly praised each other as they met for two and a half hours of talks. Related articles   US unleashes FURY on Europe as Pompeo attacks Iran and China    US-China trade WAR: 'I'm a TARIFF MAN!' Donald Trump's threat to Ch... Late on Tuesday Trump tweeted: “We are either going to have a real deal with China, or no deal at all.”Should no-deal happen he warned: “We will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States.“Ultimately I believe we will be making a deal, either now or into the future.“China does not want tariffs!”The dramatic tweets follow what appeared to be positive meetings between Trump and Mr Jinping at the G20 summit in Argentina.READ MORE: US-China trade WAR: 'I'm a TARIFF MAN!' Donald Trump's threat to Ch...  President's Trump and Jinping dine at the G20 in Argentina (Image: GETTY )During the meeting Trump agreed to delay a planned tariff increase on $200 billion of Chinese goods.The US had planned to increase tariffs on certain Chinese goods from 10 to 25 percent on January 1, but this has been delayed pending further talks.Following the meeting the White House commented: “If at the end of this period of time, the parties are unable to reach an agreement, the 10 percent tariffs will be raised to 25 percent.”Also on Tuesday US markets plummeted after Trump described himself as “tariff man” on Twitter.The President commented: “President Xi and I want this deal to happen, and it probably will. Related articles   Melania Trump news: How First Lady BROKE 300-year-old tradition   Russia vs USA: Putin says dialogue is NOT WORKING   President Trump pictured after visiting visiting former U.S. President George W Bush in Washington (Image: GETTY )“But if not remember, I am Tariff Man.“When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our nation, I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so.”Ahead of his meeting with Mr Jinping Trump had warm words for the Chinese premier.After describing Mr Jinping as a “personal friend” he said: “The relationship is very special.“The relationship I have with President Xi, I think that’s going to be a very primary reason we’ll probably end up getting something good for China and good for the United States.”
