'We have been RIPPED OFF!’ - Trump LAMBASTS the EU over trade during Minnesota rally
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/977339/Donald-Trump-Minnesota-rally-President-lambasts-the-European-Union-over-trade-in-Duluth
 03:04, Thu, Jun 21, 2018 
  The Republican firebrand blasted the bitter bloc for not allowing US 'farm products' to be sold (Image: Getty)The Republican firebrand blasted the bitter bloc for not allowing US “farm products” to be sold as he insisted trade was not “reciprocal”.He said: “You look at the European Union, they put up barriers so we can’t sell our farm products and yet they sell Mercedes and BMW. The cars come in by the millions and we hardly tax them at all.“They don’t take our cars and if they do the tax is massive.“So they’re basically saying ‘we’re going to sell you millions of cars, by the way you’re not going to sell us any’.” Related articles   Donald Trump threw STARBURSTS at Angela Merkel during G7 summit   Trump MOCKS his own haircut as protester interrupts Minnesota rally The President insisted “it’s not going to work that way anymore” as he hinted at his recent move to impose tariffs on the EU.He went on: “It’s not going to work that way anymore folks. It’s not going to work that way.“We will not be taken advantage of anymore.”The billionaire emphasised “reciprocal” trade was necessary and declared the US’s friends were doing a “bigger and better job than the enemies” at “ripping off” America.   He continued: “As far as trade is concerned with other countries we want fair and reciprocal trade, we don’t want stupid trade like we had for so long. Stupid trade.“Remember the world reciprocal. We have been ripped off by almost every country on Earth, our friends and our enemies.“I hate to say it, our friends do a bigger and better job than the enemies. But those days are over.“Even before we finish off with the trade deals and we will finish off with the trade deals.  The EU has announced it will hit back with tariffs on $3.2billion worth of US goods (Image: Getty)"People don’t realise we have the cards because we are the piggy bank that everybody was robbing for 30 years.”In response to the billionaire's hard-line approach to trade, the EU has announced it will hit back with tariffs on $3.2billion worth of US goods.These include peanut butter, bourbon and Harley-Davidson motorcycles.  The billionaire emphasised 'reciprocal' trade was necessary (Image: Getty)Cecilia Malmström, the trade commissioner for the EU, said: "We did not want to be in this position."However, the unilateral and unjustified decision of the US to impose steel and aluminum tariffs on the EU means that we are left with no other choice.”In addition to conflict with the EU, Mr Trump has also launched a trade war with China after imposing a tariff on a whopping $50billion worth of goods from Xi Jinping’s superstate.
