US and China 'Cold War' could last 20 years - former Fed boss delivers BLEAK forecast
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1027069/us-china-trade-war-donald-trump-trade-sanctions-xi-jinping
 22:20, Thu, Oct 4, 2018 
  Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart  Xi Jinping (Image: GETTY)Kevin Warsh, now a distinguished visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution think-tank, said ties between the nations are deteriorating rapidly at government-to-government and business-to-business levels.He described relations as "probably as poor as" it was before the Nixon administration opened up links between the world's two biggest economic superpowers more than four decades ago.Mr Warsh said: “We're at the risk of a real cold war."The last 30 years we've been living and breathing globalisation as if it's an inevitable force." Related articles   US trade war: What will happen if China and the US don't back down?   China is meddling in US democracy! Pence mounts pressure on Beijing  We're at the risk of a real cold warKevin WarshMr Warsh said he was using the term "cold war" to mean an economic stand-off rather than the decades-long "mutually assured destruction" nuclear stalemate between the US and Russia.He said: “We are probably on the precipice of a brand new relationship with the Chinese."Could we be at the beginning of a 10-year or 20-year cold war? That has huge implications for the economy."Five or ten years from now we might see two poles: a Chinese-centric world and an American-centric world. And the other global economies and countries will have to plug into one or both.   "Great power relationships are not about how many soybeans you're going to buy or how many Boeing airplanes you're going to buy. It's about your core interests.”Mr Warsh suggested the trade war is only one part of the ideological differences between communist China and the democratic US.He said: “I suspect that there will need to be between Chinese President Xi Jinping and President Trump a great summit, among great powers.“And that requires two countries that want to have that discussion.” Related articles   China BLAMES Trump officials for trade deal FAILURE   Trump US trade war: How will the trade war affect other countries? China has blamed the Trump administration for the failure of the two countries to strike a new trade deal, with Beijing’s ambassador to the US accusing Washington’s demands of “changing all the time”.Cui Tiankai said US officials were constantly shifting their position and passing on opportunities to end the continually escalating trade war between the two countries.He said: “We are ready to make some compromises.“But the US position keeps changing all the time, so we don’t know exactly what the US would want as priorities.”The ambassador said China was even willing to take steps to decrease the trade deficit between the US and China, a central complaint Mr Trump.
