Norwegian PM warns that globalisation failures risk turning youths to extremism
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/769713/Erna-Solberg-globalisation-job-creation-stops-extremism
 16:10, Mon, Feb 20, 2017 
   Erna Solberg claimed globalisation and the lack of job creation are the biggest threats to Europe, adding it was "the job" of all political leaders to create employment for their citizens.While attending the Munich Security Conference, Ms Solberg shied away from the subject of defence and Nato, instead opting to point out the need for governments to focus on prevention and the underlying factors which lead to division in society. Speaking to CNBC, Ms Solberg predicted a "world order" could develop in the future, based on "the will of the people".Answering a question on her global fears, she said: "'I think it is going to be creating jobs and job opportunities for young people in Europe and Africa. It's the most important part and part of globalisation which is important.  GETTYErna Solberg has warned of the dangers of globalisation to the world's youth Related articles   US VP Mike Pence SNUBS Brussels ahead of talks with eurocrats   'What is Trump talking about?' President attacked after Sweden remarks  It's very easy look around and find a scapegoat instead of workingErna Solberg"We have also got to be competitive and make sure we create new jobs all around the world, because if large parts of our population don't have any hope for the future and especially young people they will be an easy target for extremists – whether they Muslim, fascist or anti-immigration."It's very easy look around and find a scapegoat instead of working through a normal political situation."She said Norway would respond to the United State's demand for increased Nato spending but insisted the US could also learn from Norway, by investing more in conflict prevention as opposed to defence. "We are using one per cent of our gross domestic product on development aid and conflict prevention, trying to solve problems around the world that lead to conflict and lead to the need for more military expenditure," Ms Solberg said.    Related articles   Senator demands ‘2017 is the year of KICKING RUSSIAN ASS’   US VP Mike Pence SNUBS Brussels ahead of talks with eurocrats "There I think the Americans could follow a little bit better on."Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov, also attendance in Germany, said mankind was at a "crossroads" with the so-called "liberal world order" having failed to adjust to post-Cold War reality. Mr Lavrov said: "They say that all wars begin in the minds of people and by this logic, that's where they are supposed to come to an end."However, this hasn't been the case with the Cold War yet, at least judging by some speeches of politicians in Europe and in the US, including statements that were made yesterday and today at the beginning of our conference," he added.  GETTYDonald Trump has frequently railed against the negative effects of globalisation Related articles   Davos 2017: Who is Chinese President Xi Jinping?    Davos WEM 2017: Theresa May says people left behind by globalisation In response to the Russian's comments, Ms Solberg rebuked: "His basic view is to be against something – Western values and Western ideas." She added the public must become "resilient" to these kinds of attacks on the West, including the increased spread of 'fake news'."It is a challenge. If you can't believe what's in the media, if you can't believe what you're reading, then there will be a lot of people who have distrust for everything," she said."That means they will disgust intuitions, politicians and maybe that is a bit of the aim – to get people confused and increase the distrust."
