Government lifeline for Tata: HS2 'will be built with British steel'
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/657721/Government-lifeline-for-Tata-Port-Talbot-HS2-built-with-British-steel
 PUBLISHED:  00:01, Sun, Apr 3, 2016 
  GETTY200 million tons of British steel will be used on the HS2 projectAll capital projects will give special consideration to the social and economic impact of using home-sourced rather than imported steel at the procurement stage. While this was already the case with some projects, ministers yesterday extended the condition to all public sector bodies including the NHS and local councils. It comes as Prime Minister David Cameron defended his decision to block EU efforts to raise tariffs on imported steel. However, China stoked tensions by announcing their own 46 per cent levy on the type of steel produced in Port Talbot.  Related articles   EU bureaucrats blamed for Tata's decision to withdraw from UK   Under-fire minister Sajid Javid admits Port Talbot steel jobs not safe   WALES NEWS SERVICESome 4,000 jobs are in danger at Port Talbot   This was despite a meeting between Mr Cameron and the Chinese president Xi Jinping at the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington DC only the previous day.  We are going further than ever before to support British steelMatt HancockAccording to the new guidelines, decisions on the awarding of new contracts will take into account factors such as responsible sourcing, training given to workforces, carbon footprint, protecting the health and safety of staff, and the social integration of disadvantaged workers. With £300billion of infrastructure projects up or grabs over the next five years, the move will create the “level playing field” needed for British steel to compete with foreign competitors and secure its long-term future, Government sources said. Cabinet Office minister Matt Hancock said: “We are going further than ever before to support British steel. Taxpayers spend billions of pounds buying steel for public projects. “From operating theatres to new buildings, public sector buyers will need to consider social and economic benefits, alongside value for money. “When public bodies buy steel they must take account of the true value of buying British.”   GETTYNetwork Rail already buys around 120,000 tons of steel a year from Tata Steel in Scunthorpe The £55billion HS2 project will require 200 million tons of steel tracks. A source said: “British steel will be used – no question now.” Network Rail already buys approximately 120,000 tons of steel for rails a year from Tata Steel in Scunthorpe, which is about 96 per cent of its total demand. Downing Street confirmed Mr Cameron will meet Carwyn Jones, First Minister of Wales, on Tuesday to update him on the Government’s ongoing discussions with Tata and work to support a sales process.   PASajid Javid visited Port Talbot to reassure steelworkersThe £37billion spent by the Government to bail out RBS in 2008 would, campaigners say, keep Tata steel operating for the next 123 years. Business Secretary Sajid Javid told Port Talbot workers he was “confident” a buyer could be found for the plant, which is losing £1million a day and faces closure in less than three weeks. Former defence secretary Gerald Howarth said last night it was vital for Britain’s national security that it maintained steel production. He said: “At the moment Chinese steel prices are cheap, but they will not remain so.”
