Could elephants be EXTINCT before these ivory smugglers are freed from jail?
https://www.express.co.uk//news/nature/654386/Could-elephants-be-EXTINCT-before-these-ivory-smugglers-are-freed-from-jail
 16:54, Mon, Mar 21, 2016 
  CATERS/AFP/GETTYThe number of elephants being slaughtered outweighs the number that are being bornAs the two wildlife traffickers begin 35 year sentences, leading conservationists are warning how world’s biggest animals faces oblivion before they are released. With the number of elephants being slaughtered for their tusks dramatically outpacing the number of calves being born, the conservation community fears Africa’s iconic creature is facing its end game. Dame Daphne Sheldrick has famously warned that that the death rate for elephants is increasing at such at alarming rate that elephants may be no more in the wild by 2025. “A world without elephants is hard to comprehend, but it is a real possibility,” says Dame Daphne, who heads the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust named after her late husband. Related articles   WATCH: Elephant deal with and awkward itch   ANIMAL LOVERS' VICTORY: Travel firms call time on elephant horror show   CATERSA world without elephants is now 'a real possibility'“Against a submachine gun or poacher armed with a spear, they stand little chance. “Buying ivory only serves to fuel a trade which results in more senseless deaths of these beautiful animals. We can’t let man-made extinction be the end of this iconic species. “I have been ashamed to be a member of the human race in view of how elephants have been treated. Each elephant is an individual, just as are we, and each has its own unique personality. Like us, they are bonded together by family.” Earlier this month, the head of the Convention on the Trade in Endangered Species (Cites) warned that although the steady rise in elephant slaughter is being halted it is still unacceptably high.   GETTYIllegal ivory that this then publicly destroyedThe country’s Kisutu Resident Magistrate’s Court in Dar es Salaam has sentenced two Chinese nationals to 35 years in jail after they each failed to pay fines of £17.38 million each. Huang Gin, 53, and Xu Fujie, 25, were arrested in the capital city in 2013 with 706 pieces of ivory. “Considering the evidence adduced in court and the huge loss that the nation has suffered for the killing of 226 elephants, it is obvious the accused are a real threat to the elephant population,” said magistrate Cyprian Mkeha. Tanzania has seen its elephant population crash from 110,000 in 2009 to 43,000 in 2014, with conservationists pointing the figure at “industrial-scale” poaching.   GETTYPrince William called for an end to the trade on Chinese televisionA Tanzanian court has also recently sentences four Chinese men to 20 years’ jail each for smuggling rhino horns. China has become not only a major player in driving the demand for ivory and rhino horn, but also the key player in saving the planet’s most endangered creatures. Prince William has made a heartfelt plea on the subject on Chinese television and President Xi Jinping and US President Barack Obama striking agreements to stop ivory imports. 
