Police operation smashes international rhino horn trafficking ring
https://www.express.co.uk//news/nature/611826/Police-operation-international-rhino-horn-trafficking-ring
 PUBLISHED:  17:45, Tue, Oct 13, 2015 
  MANASH GOGOI/ BARCROFT INDIAOperation 'May 21' saw 16 suspects arrested for international ivory and rhino horn smugglingSixteen suspects were arrested and major haul of ivory, rhino horn and bear paws seized in an operation code-named “May 21”. Investigators say the wildlife goods confiscated are worth more than £2.6 million, while the network behind the racket that stretched across the Far East was the largest they have ever destroyed. Related articles   Officials FINALLY arrest 'Queen of Ivory' accused of smuggling 700...   Battle to save the elephants: America and China join forces to... Operation May 21 lasted three months and has exposed a trafficking ring that spanned from Japan through Hong Kong to mainland China. One theory is that the huge amounts of ivory and rhino horn being sold were originally family heirlooms that were being placed on the illegal wildlife blackmarket. Inside China, the gang’s network, stretched from Guangdong to Shandong and Beijing, using its own processing factory, warehouses and transport fleet.  MANASH GOGOI/ BARCROFT INDIAInvestigators say the wildlife goods confiscated are worth more than £2.6 millionAntique shops acted as a cover and wildlife products were traded illegally online or ferried by couriers. Beijing Forest Police say they have seized 804.4kg of ivory, 11.3kg of rhino horn as well as 35 bear paws. Sources say that it is possible the wildlife products originated in Japan where the popularity of legally owned items such as ivory and rhino horns from the 1980s and earlier has plummeted and people have been selling family heirlooms and other goods. This is the latest success of the Beijing Forest Police which has cracked 222 cases and arrested 108 suspects over the past two years.   Total seizures of wildlife products, including 1.57 tonnes of ivory, are estimated at £4.5million. TRAFFIC applauds the Beijing Forest Police for this successful operation, which has helped dismantle an entire smuggling ring and the infrastructure that goes with itZhou Fei, head of TRAFFIC’s China programmeNews of the Chinese operation comes a week after its president Xi Jinping and Barack Obama declared their joint intent to “take significant and timely steps to halt the domestic commercial trade of ivory”.The United Nations’ General Assembly agreed a crackdown on illicit wildlife trade in July. TRAFFIC, the British-based wildlife trade monitoring network, says intelligence from its Elephant Trade Information database – which it manages for CITES – indicates that ivory trade between Japan and China dates back to 2005 but began developing seriously from 2009. Zhou Fei, head of TRAFFIC’s China programme, greeted today’s success.  MANASH GOGOI/ BARCROFT INDIABeijing Forest Police say they have seized 804.4kg of ivory  MANASH GOGOI/ BARCROFT INDIAOperation May 21 lasted three months and has exposed a large trafficking ringHe said: “TRAFFIC applauds the Beijing Forest Police for this successful operation, which has helped dismantle an entire smuggling ring and the infrastructure that goes with it.“The Beijing Forest Police operation is a clear demonstration of the Chinese Government’s commitment to crack down on illegal wildlife trade and support international efforts to protect endangered species. As a Chinese proverb aptly says: ‘Action is far more powerful than words’. “Over TRAFFIC’s years of monitoring physical and online illegal wildlife markets, we have provided information and capacity training to the Forest Police, and we look forward to continuing our support for law enforcement efforts by the Chinese government and their international counterparts.”
