The Duchess of Cambridge makes Vanity Fair's International Best-Dressed List again
https://www.express.co.uk//celebrity-news/419029/The-Duchess-of-Cambridge-makes-Vanity-Fair-s-International-Best-Dressed-List-again
 15:02, Thu, Aug 1, 2013 
  The Duchess of Cambridge has made Vanity Fair's Best-Dressed list for the fourth time (WENN)The list, which the fashion world awaits with baited breath every year, was announced earlier today, and named Kate as well as Princess Letizia of Asturias and Victoria Beckham as some of the best dressed women in the world.The Duchess, who was first featured on the coveted list in 2008, came in at number three on the 2013 list, in an endorsement of her style choices leading up to the birth of her first son last week.Meanwhile, Michelle Obama was nowhere to be seen on the list, which was topped by US actress Kerry Washington.The Duchess has one of the msot stylish maternity wardobes (WENN)Kate knows exactly how to dress bothy stylishly and conservatively (WENN)The First Lady was left out for the second year in a row, while Kate Middleton lookalike Princess Letizia of Asturias featured for the first time, coming in at number 20, thanks to her chic ensembles.Justin Timberlake came in at number two, beating the Duchess with his dapper suits and designer attire.While Keith Richards, designer Thom Browne, basketball player Lebron James and Tom Brady (who is listed alongside his model wife Gisele) join Timberlake as the males who made the top 10.US actress Kerry Washington topped the list (WENN)Justin Timberlake came in at number two (WENN)Princess Letizia of Asturias was also names on the coveted list (WENN)Meawhile Victoria Beckham, Lara Stone and David Walliams also make up the 40-strong list.For the first time in its history, the fashion's who's who has been opened up to the public. The International Best-Dressed Challenge, as it was known, invited submissions from readers. Fashion blogger Hallie Swanson and interior Designer Darren Henault were selected.Victoria Beckham also made an appearence (WENN)Michelle Obama failed to make an appearence in the list though (WENN)Vanity Fair's Best-Dressed List 2013:1. Kerry Washington, actress 2. Justin Timberlake, musician 3. The Duchess of Cambridge 4. Carmen Dell'Orefice, model 5. Keith Richards, musician 6. Victoria Beckham, designer 7. Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady, model and American football player 8. Lebron James, basketball player 9. Thom Browne, designer 10. Dree Hemingway, model 11. Beyonce, musician 12. Henrik Lundquist, ice hockey goaltender for the New York Rangers 13. Jenna Lyons, president and creative director of J. Crew 14. Caroline Issa, fashion director of Tank magazine 15. Ricky Lauren, author and wife of Ralph Lauren 16. Luca Cordero di Montezemolo, chairman of Ferrari 17. Dasha Zhukova, magazine editor, gallery owner, philanthropist and girlfriend of Roman Abramovich 18. Charlie Siem, classical violinist 19. Brooke Shields, model and actress 20. HRH Princess Letizia of Asturias 21. Jill Kargman, writer 22. Tara Ferry, musician, son of Bryan Ferry 23. Isaac Ferry, producer and DJ, son of Bryan Ferry 24. Otis Ferry, master of foxhounds, son of Bryan Ferry 25. Lara Stone and David Walliams, model and comedian26. Jack Huston, actor 27. Dita Von Tees, burlesque artist 28. Tabitha Simmons and Craig McDean, shoe designer and photographer29. Maureen Chiquet, global CEO of Chanel 30. Francesco Carrozzini, filmmaker/photographer 31. Alice Temperley, designer 32. Alexander Gilkes, co-founder of Paddle 8 33. HRH Princess Madeleine of Sweden 34. Charlize Theron, actress 35. Stella Tennant, model 36. Tory Burch, designer 37. Ronan Farrow, writer, human rights lawyer and diplomat 38. Peng Liyuan, wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping 39. Darren Henault, interior designer 40. Hallie Swanson, fashion blogger Related articles   Kate Middleton's village plans ‘Fit for a King’ sign   Prince George: The previous Duke of Cambridge was a love rat and hopeless soldier   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: No nanny, but Duchess of Cambridge will have key servant on hand   Duchess of Cambridge will be one of the first to try super skin lotion   Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall admits she wants Prince George to call her GaGa NOT Grandma 
