EU president Donald Tusk begs G20 for cash to tackle migrant crisis (created by EU)
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/707606/EU-president-Donald-Tusk-begs-G20-for-cash-to-tackle-migrant-crisis-they-created
 08:35, Tue, Sep 6, 2016 
     GETTYDonald Tusk and Chinese President Xi JinpingThe EU has been accused of squandering money on a grand scale even fuelling corruption in Africa that is adding to its troubles.And now Mr Tusk, 59, the former Polish prime minister, has asked world leaders help to bail out the EU as it struggles to cope with widespread outbreaks of Islamic fundamentalism across the continent.Mr Tusk, whose first residency as EU president runs out next May, was invited to speak at the Global 20 summit in China to give his analysis of the issues plaguing European nations. He pointedly refrained from mentioning the UK in his address despite the desire for Britain to reach a positive resolution after the result of its recent EU referendum.  Related articles   End of globalisation? G20 nations returning to protectionism   Theresa May tells EU migrants: Don't come to Britain unless you work   GETTYMr Tusk the former Polish prime minister is up for election for his second term next year    Mr Tusk will hold meetings with British Prime Minister Theresa May this week as the country gets set to begin its exit. But he set out his intention to seek money from other nations adding that the EU had yet to identify the "root cause" of the refugee crisis adding that "irregular economic migrants" are causing chaos. He said: "Only global efforts supporting refugees and their host communities will be able to bear fruit. "That is why we want to encourage our partners to increase humanitarian and development aid, as well as refugee resettlement"We need to address the root causes that force millions of people to leave their homes and seek shelter elsewhere. "That is why we want to encourage our partners to increase humanitarian and development aid, as well as refugee resettlement.   GETTYMr Tusk met Turkey president Erdogan and EU commission president Junker That is why we want to encourage our partners to increase humanitarian and development aidEU president Donald Tusk"The G20 has the expertise to make practical contributions through trade, development cooperation and refugees' access to education and labour market, and it must make use of it. "We will urge the G20 to seize the opportunity of the forthcoming summits on refugees and migrants hosted by the UN and President Obama to increase aid and resettlements by countries outside Europe. "It is even more important in view of the fact that the practical capabilities of Europe to host new waves of refugees, not to mention irregular economic migrants, are close to the limits."   Mr Tusk also asked for money to help battle the terror crisis sweeping countries including Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, Italy and France.He added: "Second, terrorism. Terrorist attacks are a threat to all our countries. "A comprehensive approach against terrorism must involve actions to counter extremism and radicalization. "This also includes a financial dimension. "The G20 has already taken important steps to tackle terrorism-financing networks and to improve cooperation on the exchanges of information, freezing assets and on criminalization of terrorism-financing. "We need to advance our work at G20 further in order to address this challenge that no country can handle on its own."The EU president also asked for country's around the negotiating table to do more to tackle climate change.
