Angry families of doomed MH370 flight say debris from missing plane is FAKE
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/596526/Malaysia-Airlines-MH370-debris-Reunion-relatives-claim-fake
 14:58, Thu, Aug 6, 2015 
  GETTYRelatives of those onboard MH370 have reacted angrily to claims washed-up debris is from the planeReacting to the news from Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak that a piece of wreckage found on Reunion Island was from the missing plane, Chinese relatives reacted with frustration and speculation.Zhang Meiling, 62, whose daughter and son-in-law were on the plane, said: "I want to kill him."What he said is nonsense. I just want to kill him."Mr Zhang was among an angry group of protesters who stormed the Beijing headquarters of Malaysia Airlines on Thursday morning. There were chaotic scenes as police officers tried to prevent family members from entering the block where the Malaysia Airlines offices are located.  GETTYMalaysian prime minister Najib Razak said Reunion debris was from MH370 It has been 515 [days] – that is enough time for them to have produced fake debrisBao LanfangAs he was ushered out of the building and on to the streets, another relative Bao Lanfang shouted: "I can't allow them to be lying. "I want them to reveal the truth immediately. I won't believe them - no matter what the French results say." It came just a few hours after Mr Razak finally confirmed that a two-metre wing flap found on Reunion Island belonged to MH370 in an emotional press conference in Paris last night - almost 17 months after the plane disappeared.He said: "Today, 515 days since the plane disappeared, it is with a very heavy heart that I must tell you that an international team of experts have conclusively confirmed that the aircraft debris found on Reunion Island is indeed from MH370."We now have physical evidence. The burden and uncertainly faced by he families during this time has been unspeakable."But his claims were diluted when France's deputy prosecutor Serge Mackowiak said that while there "very strong conjectures" the debris was from the missing Boeing 777, "complementary analysis" would need to begin today.  GETTYSome relatives claimed the Reunion debris was fakeSince then, Malaysia's transport minister also revealed that his team had found seat cushions and a window pane washed up at the same spot. And as Mr Razak offered his "deepest sympathy and prayers" to relatives, his comments sparked outrage in China - home to more than half of the 239 people on board the doomed airliner. Bao Lanfang, 63, whose son, daughter-in-law and three-year-old grandchild were on the plane said: "I don’t believe it."It has been 515 [days] – that is enough time for them to have produced fake debris."Zhang Yongli, a 64-year-old whose daughter was on the plane, came to the protest carrying a placard featuring a photograph of Chinese president Xi Jinping. It read: “The president will help us. The country will help us. Our families will have good news. Related articles   MH370 finally FOUND: Windows and seat cushion debris found as part of missing plane  REVEALED: How drift analysis of sea currents PROVES debris from MH370 reached Reunion  Malaysia Airlines MH370: Another piece of debris found washed up on La ReunionHe said: “We hope that President Xi can quickly help us rescue our people. "We can only hope the government and the relevant authorities will help us do this. Our families don’t have the means to do this on our own."Although the discovery of the debris has been described as a "major breakthrough", there is still no explanation for what remains one of the greatest mysteries in aviation history. And some Chinese relatives still cling to the hope that their loved ones are still alive. Zhang Yongli said he remained convinced MH370 had either landed safely or did not take off at all. He added: "Think about it yourself. If the plane went down in the southern Indian Ocean there would be lots of debris. "All those ships searching for so many days and they couldn’t find anything. They only found one piece of wreckage after a year-and-a-half. How can we believe this?"If the plane sent out no signal it means nothing happened to the plane and the plane is in one piece. We have consulted experts on this."
