‘US won't back down!’ Pence THREATENS China with all-out cold WAR
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1045103/china-news-mike-pence-us-donald-trump-xi-jinping-washington-beijing-world-war-3
 08:23, Wed, Nov 14, 2018 
   Vice President Mike Pence issued the warning as tension between the two global super-powers continue to rise ahead of crunch talks between Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping in Argentina later this month. Mr Pence said the only way China could avoid an all-out cold war was to “fundamentally change its behaviour”. He said: “The United States won’t back down.” Related articles   WW3: China fires furious ‘CONSEQUENCES’ warning to US warship   China’s ferocious missile power shown off with J-20 stealth fighters  The United States won’t back downMike PenceMr Pence is in Singapore to represent the US at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) where fears a protracted long-term economic and strategic confrontation between Washington and Beijing is the hot topic.He and Xi will both attend the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders summit in Papua New Guinea later this week, but they won’t meet. Xi is set to meet Mr Trump.The Vice President said Mr Trump, who meets Mr Xi in Buenos Aires at a G20 meeting on November 30, is leaving the door open for a deal but only if Beijing commits to meeting his demands.Mr Pence told the Washington Post: “I think much of that will depend on Argentina,.  Donald Trump and Xi Jinping are due to meet at the end of November (Image: GETTY)  Mike Pence is in Singapore for ASEAN talks (Image: AFP/GETTY)  China is determined to exert its influence across South East Asia (Image: GETTY)“The President’s attitude is, we want to make sure they know where we stand, what we are prepared to do, so they can come to Argentina with concrete proposals that address not just the trade deficit that we face.“We’re convinced China knows where we stand.”Mr Pence said China must offer concessions on a wide range of issues including intellectual property theft, forced technology transfer, restricted access to Chinese markets, respect for international rules and norms, efforts to limit freedom of navigation in international waters and Chinese Communist Party interference in the politics of Western countries.And he warned the US was prepared to escalate economic, diplomatic and political pressure on China unless it comes up with a concrete promise to change. Related articles   WW3 WARNING: US furiously OBJECTS to China military build-up in dis...   ‘Everyone will SUFFER’ Germany warns US to EU and China trade war Mr Pence said: “We seek an Indo-Pacific where every nation is free to follow its own path and pursue its own interests, where the seas and skies are open to all engaged in peaceful activity, and where sovereign nations grow stronger together.“Authoritarianism and aggression have no place in the Indo-Pacific.“We will not be intimidated. We will not stand down. We will continue to exercise freedom of navigation.”
