Corbyn branded 'hypocrite' for snubbing Trump banquet invitation from the Queen
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/1119639/corbyn-hypocrite-snubbing-trum-banquet-invitation
 08:18, Sat, Apr 27, 2019 
  Mr Corbyn was accused of direspecting her Makesty by refusing to go to the Buckingham Palace event (Image: Getty )The Labour leader, who has met with terrorist groups Hamas and Hezbollah, was also accused of disrespecting Her Majesty by refusing to go to the Buckingham Palace event. The dinner will be held as Britain and the US mark 75 years since D-Day. US President Trump and his wife Melania will be guests of the Queen during a three-day visit, beginning on June 3.Mr Corbyn, who attended a 2015 state banquet thrown for China’s President Xi Jinping, said: “Theresa May should not be rolling out the red carpet for a state visit to honour a president who rips up vital international treaties, backs climate change denial and uses racist and misogynist rhetoric.   US President Trump will be a guest of the Queen at the dinner celebrating 75 years since D-Day (Image: Getty)“Maintaining an important relationship with the United States does not require the pomp and ceremony of a state visit. It is disappointing that the Prime Minister has again opted to kowtow to this US administration.”But Mr Corbyn said that he would be prepared to meet Mr Trump during his stay to discuss “all matters of interest”.But Tory MP Andrew Bridgen blasted Mr Corbyn’s actions. He said: “This is a man who would like to remove the Queen and the monarchy so it comes as no surprise.“He’s also a hypocrite. It’s hypocritical that a man who calls the IRA, Hamas and Hezbollah his friends won’t sit down at a table with the president of the US, the leader of Britain’s greatest ally.”Commons Speaker John Bercow has also turned down the Queen and Mr Trump.  Related articles   How YOUR money could be SLASHED if Corbyn becomes Prime Minister   Labour CRISIS: Corbyn on brink after leaked document ANGERS MPs Tory MP James Duddridge hit out at the Speaker and said: “Donald Trump is president of the United States of America.“He was democratically elected by the people of the United States and should be treated with respect, particularly by somebody who is supposed to be independent. He’s trying to take over the House of Commons and with similar effect he’s now having a go at Buckingham Palace. It’s an outrage to Her Majesty.”Mr Bercow is also expected to bar Mr Trump from formally addressing Parliament during his visit – an event usually accorded to visiting heads of state. But he is under growing pressure to reverse his decision.Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt said Mr Trump should be invited, saying he wanted the “best possible welcome” for the President.Respected former speaker Betty Boothroyd said: “No Speaker should indulge himself in personalities and whom he approves or disapproves. Speakers must always remember they are the servant of the House and not its master.”   Tory MP Andrew Bridgen blasted Mr Corbyn's actions (Image: Getty)Lib Dem leader Sir Vince Cable has already turned down an invitation to the banquet, saying he believed the invitation to Mr Trump had been issued “inappropriately”.The white tie banquet at Buckingham Palace, hosted by the Queen, is always one of the key events of any state visit.It is traditionally attended by senior politicians – including the leader of the Opposition – and other dignitaries.During the last state visit, made by King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands in October, Mr Corbyn was represented by shadow foreign secretary Emily Thornberry. On that occasion, he was believed to have been attending a family event.  Related articles   Enraged Caller ‘DISGUSTED’ with Corbyn’s ‘CHILDISH insult to the Queen   May MELTDOWN: PM faces HUMILIATING EU elections Mr Trump’s visit is expected to attract mass demonstrations.He will hold bilateral talks with Mrs May at Downing Street during the visit and will take part in commemorations in Portsmouth marking the 75th anniversary of the D-Day landings.However, he will not get a carriage ride down The Mall because of security fears.Mr Trump’s two predecessors, George W Bush and Barack Obama, also met the Queen on state visits during their presidencies.
