Meghan Markle news: Who has been shortlisted with Meghan for Time Person of the Year?
https://www.express.co.uk//news/royal/1057096/meghan-markle-news-who-else-has-been-shortlisted-time-person-of-the-year-2018
 23:03, Mon, Dec 10, 2018 
   The Person of the Year award identifies a person or group of people who have most influenced the world and media over the last year. Even if they have made a negative impact, they still could be shortlisted. Previous people include Chinese President Xi Jinping, Black Lives Matter activists, Hillary Clinton and Beyoncé. Related articles   Meghan Markle stuns in gown bespoke gown by wedding dress designer   Meghan and Kate ‘feud’ is ‘sexier’ than William and Harry ‘rift’ sa... Who has been shortlisted for Time Person of the Year 2018?The 37-year-old former actress has dominated news headlines this year after becoming the Duchess of Sussex when she married Prince Harry in May this year. Time editors said about the mum-to-be: “Former Hollywood actor and activist Meghan Markle traded in her roles on screen for a royal title in May, when she married Britain’s Prince Harry to the delight of captivated crowds across the UK and millions more worldwide.”The 10 finalists chosen by Time in 2018 include President of the US Donald Trump.   Meghan Markle news: The Duchess of Sussex has been shortlisted for Time's Person of the Year 2018 (Image: GETTY)The 45th President was chosen as Time’s Person of the Year in 2016, the year he was elected. His second year in office has involved him holding a historic meeting with North Korean lead Kim Jong-un and implementing controversial policies such as an international trade war with China and separations at the border.More than 2,000 families were separated at the US border this year as Mr Trump tried to crackdown on illegal immigration. This group of people have also been shortlisted, particularly as they hit global headlines when it was revealed thousands of children were being held in federal government facilities while their parents were sent to jail.  Related articles   Meghan Markle could receive new honour as Duchess is shortlisted fo...   Meghan Markle given touching tribute by Prince Charles in PROUD dis...   Meghan Markle news: US President Donald Trump has also made the shortlist (Image: GETTY)Another leader who has been prevalent enough to be nominated for Time’s award includes Russian President Vladimir Putin. Mr Putin won another six years as President following a landslide victory in the March elections, despite being in the news for increasing tension with Ukraine and Russia’s involvement in the 2016 US Presidential elections. The runner up for Time’s Person of the Year award in 2017, Special Counsel Robert Mueller, has investigated the Russian involvement in the 2016 US Presidential campaign and this has led to 191 criminal charges against 32 people and three companies.South Korean President Moon Jae-in has made the top 10 after organising the landmark meeting between Kin Jong-un and Mr Trump, as well as hosting Mr Jong-un’s sister as the Pyeongchnag Winter Olympics in February.   Meghan Markle news: The Time award honours ten influential people, which includes Moon Jae-in (Image: GETTY)Up to 17 people were killed on Valentine’s Day in a mass shooting at Marjory Stonemason Douglas High School, in Parkland, Florida. Time has also recognised the students who organised the #NeverAgain movement and the March for Our Lives demonstrations against gun-control reforms. Another person on the list is Journalist Jamal Khashoggi, who was believed to have been murdered on the orders of the Crown Prince after being seen entering the country’s consulate in Istanbul on October 2.California psychology professor Christine Blasey Ford also made a huge impact by becoming a symbol for survivors of sexual assault after testifying in front of senators in September about her allegations against then-Supreme Court nominee and now Judge Brett Kavanaugh.Ryan Cooler, a director who created this year’s successful Marvel film Black Panther, could also be chosen at Time’s Person of the Year.His superhero movie, which was the third-highest grossingUS release of all time, was set in the fictional African country of Wakanda and had a mostly black cast.The winner will be announced on December 11 at 7am on Time.com.
