We welcome Chinese elite but can still criticise them
https://www.express.co.uk//comment/expresscomment/613242/Express-Comment-China-immigration-alfie-mulroy
 07:31, Tue, Oct 20, 2015 
  GETTYChinese leader Xi Jinping, left, is a hugely influential global figureDuring his time here he will stay at Buckingham Palace, address Parliament and spend time travelling the country. It is absolutely right for our Government and Royal Family to roll out the red carpet in this way. It is absolutely right for our Government and Royal Family to roll out the red carpet in this wayChina's leader is a hugely influential global figure. Despite recent troubles, his country is experiencing phenomenal growth and the liberalisation of its economy means the nation's importance as a trading partner and a source of foreign investment will only increase.The Conservatives' wooing of China - George Osborne is only just back from a trip there - is in our economic interests and the Chancellor and the Prime Minister are right in solidifying our relationship. However, their pursuit of closer ties should not blind them to the problems in the country.Britain is a bastion of freedom. People suffering under the yoke of oppressive regimes have long looked to us for guidance and leadership. By contrast, China remains a dictatorship and its government has been responsible for many human rights violations.Our leaders cannot ignore these facts. While Mr Cameron, understandably, will not want to embarrass his visitor he has a responsibility to raise these issues with him.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  GETTYThe EU's freedom of movement rules means that Britain does not have control of its borders Related articles   One woman's tears prove the case for tax credit reform, says LEO...   You cannot have human rights on the battlefield One way to regain bordersTHE political class is finally waking up to the fact that Britons are sick of mass immigration. But for all the tough talk peddled by the politicians (yesterday they were at it again during a Westminster Hall debate) the reality is incredibly simple.While we remain bound by the EU's freedom of movement rules we do not have control of our borders and no policy will significantly cut immigration.The Prime Minister is yet to set out his demands for the EU renegotiation but even his staunchest supporters would struggle to keep a straight face while claiming that he is likely to win back border controls. The Eurocrats view free movement as a vital step towards building a European superstate and will not give it up.There is only one guaranteed way to win back the powers needed to cut immigration: vote to leave the EU.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ROSS PARRYAlfie Mulroy before and after his amazing transformationIt was worth the waitWEIGHING more than 20 stone, Alfie Mulroy thought he had a fat chance of finding love. Now, after shedding eight stone, he is happy with girlfriend Bridget Gallagher.It is no less than he deserves after an inspirational display of determination and self-discipline.   
