China news SHOCK: 'We're saving the world from US,' says Beijing as trade war EXPLODES
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1022470/China-news-trade-war-latest-Trump-Beijing-save-world-from-US
 10:43, Tue, Sep 25, 2018 
   Beijing’s response comes as the US imposed a further raft of economic sanctions totalling $200billion and banned the nation from buying military hardware from Russia.  On Monday a 71-page White Paper released by the ruling Communist Party of China, led by president Xi Jinping, hitting back at the unilateral tactics of the Trump administration. It warned that China “does not want a trade war, but is not afraid of one and will fight one if necessary." The paper appeared to stop short of uissuing outright threats against the U.S.  Related articles   China trade: New tariffs imposed TODAY - China issues threat to Trump   US-China trade WAR: Beijing will soon RUN OUT of US goods to slap t...   Beijing has attacked the US in a new document (Image: GETTY•REUTERS)The paper was published in full by state media outlets such as the People's Daily and Xinhua, echoing the party line rhetoric on the issue.The paper addressed the crippling sanctions imposed by the US on Chinese goods, as well trade imbalances, Beijing’s Subsidy policy and alleged intellectual property theft by Chinese companies  - particularly state owned tech companies such as Huwaei, which are banned from the US. The paper also reiterated the size and volume – as well as the influence – of Chinse markets on the global economy, while blasting President Trump’s trade wars with multiple countries such as Russia, Iran and China. The paper read: "We have a highly resilient economy, an enormous market, and the hard-working, talented and united Chinese people.     “We also have the support of all countries in the world that reject protectionism, unilateralism and hegemony." "The US government has taken extreme trade protectionist measures, which have undermined the international economic order, caused damage to China-US trade and trade relations around the world, disrupted the global value chain and the international division of labor, upset market expectations, and led to violent swings in the international financial and commodity markets.  “It has become the greatest source of uncertainty and risk for the recovery of the global economy.”The document comes as tensions begin rapidly mount between the two nations, followign months of trade disputes and threats between Mr Trump and Mr Jinping.  China has made its party line clear in a new 71-page document (Image: GETTY)The trump administration's tariffs came into effect on Monday, prompting retaliations on US imports of around $60billion worth of goods.Cornell University professor Eswar Prasada told CNBC: "The white paper that the Chinese government put out responding to the many allegations by the U.S. is very interesting."It shows again that China really wants to retain the moral high ground on this issue."They've been very careful to make the point that they're only striking back when they're struck."  US President Donald Trump has imposed tariffs on £152 billion (US$200 billion) of Chinese goods (Image: GETTY)William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China, hinted that the conflict between the two superpowers will get worse."How is this going to end?It has to end with the two leaders coming up with some kind of accommodation.Unfortunately, tactics that the U.S. side has been using, it doesn't give the Chinese any room to step back. I'm not so sure that the U.S. side is well aware of what is actually going on and how to best deal with the Chinese." Related articles   European markets dented as US-China trade war tariffs take effect    China trade: New tariffs imposed TODAY - China issues threat to Trump   The trade war between the two leaders is intensifying (Image: GETTY)Officials say Beijing will soon run out of US goods to impose tariffs on.In 2017, China imported £99 billion (US$130 billion) worth of US goods while the US brought in a total of £385 (US$506 billion) Chinese imports.Businesses have already expressed concerns over new tariffs, which they say could disrupt worker visa applications, delay licenses and increase port inspections.Tensions between Washington and Beijing continue to escalate, with Mr Trump threatening to impose further tariffs of £203 billion (US$267 billion) on Chinese products.
