The Queen welcomes Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos to Britain
https://www.express.co.uk//news/royal/727415/Queen-Colombia-president-Juan-Manuel-Santos-state-visit
 08:30, Tue, Nov 1, 2016 
   President Santos and his wife Maria Clemencia Rodriguez de Santos were honoured with an official welcome ceremony on Horse Guards Parade in London as Britain signalled its support for efforts to end half a century of civil war in the South American country.A thousand troops were on parade in the capital at various events welcoming the couple, including a guard of honour from the 1st Battalion Coldstream Guards and 200 horses of the Sovereign's Escort of the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment at Horse Guards.The president and his wife are staying with the Queen at Buckingham Palace and will be entertained at a lavish state banquet there this evening. It is the first time a state visit to the UK has been carried out by a Colombian president and comes after Mr Santos was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end one of the world's longest-running civil wars.   REUTERS • APThe Queen welcomes Colombia's president Juan Manuel Santos to the UK Related articles   President reveals cancer diagnosis   Prince Charles gets a 'thigh-full' as he is given steamy send-off... Mr Santos was hailed for his political courage over a peace deal with left-wing Farc rebels, although the accord was narrowly rejected by Colombians in a vote last month.More than 220,000 people - mostly civilians - have died in 52-year long hostilities and more than eight million people have been driven from their homes. The Queen, wearing an apple green Angela Kelly coat and matching hat, and the Duke of Edinburgh formally greeted Mr Santos and his first lady, watched by Prime Minister Theresa May, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson and Amber Rudd, the Home Secretary. The president and his wife, who last met the Queen at a private audience in 2011, then joined her and the Duke in a state carriage procession along The Mall to the palace.   GETTY  AFP • GETTYIt is the first time a state visit to the UK has been carried out by a Colombian presidentLater they will also take tea with the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall at Clarence House, who accompanied them to Horse Guards today. As we leave the EU, Britain remains a bold and outward-looking nationForeign Secretary Boris JohnsonPrince Charles and Camilla already know the president and the first lady after they travelled to Colombia for an official visit in 2014. It was made possible due to the improved security situation there and during the visit the royal couple acknowledged the efforts of all sides to bring peace to the country. There was no role today, however, for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The guards gave a Royal Salute and the Colombian National Anthem is played #ColombiaStateVisit pic.twitter.com/mxj4nsFiHg— The Royal Family (@RoyalFamily) 1 November 2016  PAThe President and his wife will also take tea with the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of CornwallThey helped host Chinese President Xi Jinping on his state visit to Britain last year but, apart from a quick chat with US President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle on their first official trip to Britain in May 2011, they have otherwise avoided taking part in state visits. Similarly, Prince Harry is yet to take part in a state visit.Mr Johnson has spoken of how Britain is planning to further develop its links with Colombia in the wake of the peace efforts and the Brexit vote. He said: "Colombia is on the verge of a historic peace agreement and through our ongoing support for the country the UK is well placed to take advantage of the opportunities that will follow.He added: "As we leave the EU, Britain remains a bold and outward-looking nation, and we are forging a new global role and taking advantage of economic and diplomatic opportunities in the wider world, beyond Europe."     EPAThe president and his wife are staying with the Queen at Buckingham PalaceMr Santos was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the Colombian civil warThe president and first lady will later attend a state banquet for 170 guests in the palace ballroom.The London Eye will be lit up in yellow, blue and red - the colours of the Colombian flag. Talks at Downing Street with Mrs May will be held on Wednesday in what is the first state visit since she became Prime Minister. The president will also travel to Northern Ireland on Thursday to meet community leaders in Belfast and discuss the challenges of community reconciliation post-conflict.   REUTERSMr Santos and his wife were honoured with an official welcome ceremony on Horse Guards Parade  PAPrime Minister Theresa May and Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson were also presentMr Santos, 65, is said to be a voracious reader, a film buff and an old friend of former PM Tony Blair.They co-authored a book in 1999 on the Third Way, the political philosophy followed by Mr Santos after its adoption by Mr Blair. The president has pledged to donate his Nobel Peace Prize money to the victims of the conflict, and to deliver a peace accord by Christmas. The first lady, known to her family as Tutina, is the mother of the couple's three children, Martin, Maria Antonia and Esteban. She studied as a graphic designer and leads the humanitarian initiative Colombia Humanitaria, a state strategy that deals with natural and environmental disasters.
