EXCLUSIVE: Cyber hackers are GREATER threat to UK security than nuclear weapons
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/614417/cybercrime-UK-talktalk-hack-security-computer-systems-online-safe
 00:01, Sun, Oct 25, 2015 
  GETTYExperts have warned of the rising threat of cyber attacks by rogue states, like North KoreaDr Sally Leivesley, a former Home Office scientific adviser, said rogue states such as North Korea are already developing technology that can infiltrate defence systems and shut down power grids. Her warning follows the huge data hack on TalkTalk that has hit four million customers who face having their bank accounts drained and personal details stolen. Russian “cyberjihadists” have claimed responsibility for the attack although the true perpetrators remain unknown. There is a suspicion the Russian government sponsored the attack on telecoms giant TalkTalk and stolen data has been passed on for espionage use. Dr Leivesley wants to see a team of international observers set up to monitor cyber technology in the same way they monitor nuclear armaments. She says states that repeatedly allow their hardware, like routers or servers, to be used by hackers or cyber terrorists should also face sanctions imposed by the United Nations.   GETTYHackers have a licence to cause mayhem in the West for political gain, say expertsDr Leivesley told the Sunday Express: “Cyber is now the new nuclear. In international security, cyber is a highly deniable way to attack countries and it’s much less messy than a nuclear attack.  In international security, cyber is a highly deniable way to attack countries and it’s much less messy than a nuclear attackDr Sally Leivesley, former Home Office scientific adviser“If we look at critical infrastructure, whether it be our electrical grid or petro-chemical facilities, anything that can cause huge damage or huge loss of productivity becomes a weapon. “Yet we are doing nothing that stops strategic cyber weapons. While we’ve got nuclear non-proliferation and placed strong arrangements against nuclear development, we are doing nothing that stops strategic cyber weapons. “We are at greater risk of cyber attacks because we are allowing it to develop without the same international monitoring and management through the UN that we have applied for nuclear weapons.”   GETTYThe TalkTalk website displayed this message after the attack was discoveredThe TalkTalk attack had similarities with one that knocked the French TV5Monde channel off air for 18 hours in April. A group calling itself CyberCaliphate claimed responsibility but it was later found to be the work of a group labelled APT28, and also known as Pawn Storm, which is seen as having close ties to the Russian government. One theory is these sophisticated hackers have a licence to cause mayhem in the West with the tacit and even overt support of officials. Rather than access money from customers’ bank accounts, their prime aim may well be to test how far the West can be disrupted at a time of deep tension over Syria and Ukraine. Dr Leivesley said: “While criminals are at the forefront of such data breaches, we have to very cynically look at the background of the encouragement of such attacks.   GETTYExperts have speculated that disruption rather than capital gain may be the motive for the attacks“You never know when a nation state is supporting so-called criminals. “I think we should keep a constant open mind to quite a number of countries trying to exploit data for future security reasons especially when we’ve got tensions as we have at the moment with Russia.” Last week Chinese president Xi Jinping and Prime Minister David Cameron signed an agreement that neither country would hack and steal each other’s secrets. China has similar agreement with the US. However Dr Leivesley added: “What we need is an international agreement between all the UN countries. You have to have a respected highly intelligent body, paid for by the UN to monitor and advise a specific group within the UN when breaches have occurred.”   
