Inside Politics: Corbyn taking inspiration from chairman Mao
https://www.express.co.uk//comment/columnists/macer-hall/612732/Inside-Politics-Corbyn-inspiration-chairman-Mao
 14:30, Sat, Oct 17, 2015 
  GETTYLabour leader Jeremy Corbyn is taking inspiration from former Chinese leader MaoThe Labour leader is dithering about whether to wear white tie and tails to a state banquet at Buckingham Palace on Tuesday. The fervent anti-monarchist has no time for establishment flummery. Yet his aides fear that turning up in his usual jacket and slacks will be widely interpreted as a snub to the Queen. Given that the guest of honour at the glittering dinner will be Chinese President Xi Jinping perhaps Mr Corbyn might be tempted to wear one of the austere suits once favoured by the People’s Republic founder Chairman Mao Tse-tung. It feels appropriate as the Labour leader’s attempt to rule his party is beginning to show signs of inspiration from the communist tyrant’s Little Red Book.During China’s Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and 1970s Chairman Mao sought to impose his authority by whipping up the masses to take on and humiliate his enemies within the ruling Chinese Communist Party.  Related articles   Inside politics: Corbyn's Labour is at risk of sinking fast   Inside Politics: Ripples disturb blue Tory water Mr Corbyn and his allies are trying the same tactics by mobilising a grass-roots movement of Labour Party members to try to keep the party’s increasingly rebellious MPs in check. A members’ organisation called Momentum has been established to strengthen the grip of the Corbynistas on the party machine. Moderates fear the group has been set up to oust MPs who fail to toe the leadership’s ideological line. “It is a deselection machine designed to boot out Blairites,” said one insider. Momentum is being seen as Labour’s equivalent of Mao’s thuggish Red Guards. The hard-Left Socialist Workers’ Party, which cheered Mr Corbyn’s landslide election as Labour leader, is encouraging its members to get involved in the organisation. Labour MPs who rebelled against the leadership line in a crunch Commons vote on economic policy on Wednesday night have been inundated with complaints from party members.   GETTYMao Zedong lead the Communist revultion in China during the 1960's and 70'sVictims suspect the harassment is another sign of the vicious cultural revolution under way within Labour ranks under the guise of Mr Corbyn’s call for “kinder politics”. Unlike Mao though, Mr Corbyn appears to have no chance of clamping an iron will over his party. Elected to the leadership with little support among Labour MPs the former serial backbench rebel has been unable to acquire any authority at Westminster. His complete lack of grip was starkly shown at a shambolic meeting of Labour MPs and peers on Monday night, with furious recriminations over a policy flip-flop abandoning a commitment to pay off the Treasury’s deficit, and the flouting of the party whip on the issue by 21 rebels two days later. Labour MPs fear their party has simply ceased to exist as a national force. Instead of an official opposition there is now a collection of disparate factions sitting in the Commons and a Left-wing protest movement at grass-roots level. Surprisingly they might find some solace in reading the new volume of the biography of Margaret Thatcher by Charles Moore. It records the Tory prime minister’s assessment of the Labour Party during a similar Left-lurching crisis under Michael Foot in the 1980s.   GETTYCorbyn's allies are trying Moa's tactics to keep rebellious members incheck   She disputed predictions by her ministers that Labour was heading for oblivion. “The Labour Party will never die,” the Iron Lady said. Her insight was that Westminster’s electoral system virtually guaranteed the continued existence of the two-party system for ever. Labour would always survive but could not hope to get back into power as long as it remained addicted to “state socialism”, she thought. Labour’s moderates suspect the chaos on borrowing policy this week, repeatedly described as “embarrassing” in a toe-curling, selflacerating speech by shadow chancellor John McDonnell, wiped out any chance of the party being trusted on the crucial issue of the economy by mainstream voters. Many Labour MPs believe it has proved that their attempt to reluctantly live with Mr Corbyn as their leader cannot go on. They are already discussing how the damage can be repaired once doomed Mr Corbyn is gone. Chairman Mao’s Long March to power in China took a year. Labour’s long march back to credibilily will take far longer than that.
