Thank you Ma’am for telling it like it really is, says Roger Lewis
https://www.express.co.uk//comment/expresscomment/670423/hats-off-Queen-comment-Roger-Lewis
 07:24, Sun, May 15, 2016 
  BBCA microphone at Buckingham Palace picked up the Queen saying the Chinese were "very rude"Not only for being 90 but for speaking her mind – because who dares do so these days? When at a garden party last week a police commander mentioned that she had been in charge of logistics for the Chinese state visit and the Queen said, “Oh bad luck!” we more or less had a diplomatic incident.A microphone on the lawn at Buckingham Palace also picked up Her Majesty saying: “They were very rude to the ambassador!” Yet it turns out that the Chinese delegation did indeed try everyone’s patience. They wanted armed security guards to ride in the coach, presumably for fear Prince Philip would try to throttle President Xi Jinping with his bare hands. They wanted to be able to specify the dimensions and pile of the red carpet rolled out at Heathrow. They wanted a ban on Tibetan protesters in The Mall.Of course these demands were smoothed out and the state visit last October went without a hitch. But the fact is the Chinese do tend to scream and shout, even if only asking the way to the gents. I have been to Shanghai three times this past year and still balk at the way the Chinese have a stand-up row when calling me a taxi. They are on permanent edge, terrified about loss of face. Plus what can you say about a country that has never got around to inventing cutlery? Related articles   Watch: Queen caught making bad remarks about the Chinese president   Buckingham Palace insists The Queen WILL have her say But the real point of the story is the Queen’s refusal to mince words. She speaks as she finds and knows what’s what. I wish we had more of it but the politically correct gestapo has pretty much stamped out freedom of speech when it comes to the rest of the population. Nobody is dim, deaf, blind or a cripple. They have special educational needs. They are hearing or vision impaired.They are “differently abled” and vertically challenged. Clever people aren’t allowed to have a “brainstorm” any more in case it upsets epileptics. They have “thought showers” instead – unless being clever is elitist so they’d best shut up as what counts isn’t the merit and originality of a person’s work, their paintings, symphonies or novels but their ethnicity and medical history.Like Her Majesty I can’t abide the pussy-footing and circumlocution. The euphemisms don’t make people more sensitive. We don’t feel any kinder or nicer towards each other. There was no outbreak of greater understanding when “chairman” became “chair,” actresses became “female actors,” Ms replaced Miss and Mrs and orphans became “looked-after children”. Who benefited when libraries and museums were replaced by a “community hub”?    Racial terms are a minefield and quickly become racist. Coloured people became negroes, then blacks and later still AfricanAmericans or African-Caribbean. I think “sub-Saharan person of colour” is the latest innovation. It is impossible to keep up to date on what multiculturals are to be called without giving offence and it must be a nightmare for Mia Farrow with her houseful of nationalities. And are we to notice diversity and difference or is everyone lumped in together these days? I haven’t an earthly. George Orwell raised these issues in his great essay Politics And The English Language in 1946. He noticed how commentators were using phrases such as “equity retreat” and “negative equity” to mean the stock market crash and debt. A massacre of civilians is “pacification,” the murder of the opposition is an “elimination of unreliable elements,” and we all know that the results of “friendly fi re” are identical to unfriendly fire: death and mayhem.Jargon, euphemism and the deliberate avoidance of plain speaking are all ways in which people can lose touch with reality. Look at how the police spoke in TV’s Line Of Duty: “The suspect had absent pulse respiration” (he was dead); “We shoot to neutralise the fatal threat” (we fi re in self-defence); “Suspect discharged his weapon” (pulled the trigger); and so on and so forth. Nobody is thinking for themselves. They speak and write like machines.   GETTYWhat I love about the Queen is that she is the least mealy-mouthed person now livingAs Orwell says, “This reduced state of consciousness is favourable to political conformity” and is a hallmark of a totalitarian state such as the former Soviet Union, Nazi Germany, or, er, contemporary China, where no one is taught how to argue or dispute because it is reckoned to be counter-revolutionary. Hence why, faced with another point of view, they panic and steam pours from their ears. People who avoid plain speaking use gobbledegook to conceal their hollowness, lies, hypocrisy – and the phoniness of their pity. What I love about the Queen is that she is the least mealy-mouthed person now living. Her only rival was Victoria Wood’s character Kitty, played by Patricia Routledge, who reckoned she was “apparently something of a celebrity since I walked the Pennine Way in sling-backs in an attempt to publicise mental health”. Kitty doesn’t bother with diets or exercise classes. “If God had wanted us to wear leotards He’d have painted us purple,” she sensibly said. For Kitty, nuclear war has the same degree of importance in the scheme of things as arctic roll, peg bags and pedestal mats – and her model was always the Queen Mother. When someone was untoward and said, “I’m a radical feminist lesbian,” Kitty thought for a minute, wondered what a senior member of the Royal Family would have done in a similar sticky situation and replied: “We shall have fog by teatime.”
