Criticise China but don't shut the door, says Ann Widdecombe
https://www.express.co.uk//comment/columnists/ann-widdecombe/615043/Criticise-China-visit-state-Ann-Widdecombe-column
 PUBLISHED:  00:00, Wed, Oct 28, 2015 
  GETTYCriticise China but lets not close the door to themBack in Tony Blair’s time, protesters wanting to highlight the treatment of Tibet had their placards forcibly taken from them in this country of supposedly free speech.Now, shamefully, a protester during the recent state visit was arrested for holding placards in front of President Xi Jinping’s motorcade. Not moved on. Arrested. Then while he was being held in custody his home was searched and computers taken.The man, Shao Jiang, is apparently a survivor of the Tiananmen Square massacre so it is pretty grim to read of him comparing the tactics of the British police with those of the Chinese.During the papal state visit in 2010 I saw a man waving a placard stating “The Pope is the Anti-Christ”. Nobody stopped him and nobody should have done so.However offended I may be by another’s view, I still uphold his right to articulate it as long as the protest is peaceful.I doubt very much if the Chinese President is unaware of opposition to his country’s actions and one of the aspects of our country we should be keenest to show off is democracy. Related articles   Courts must reflect a victim’s suffering, says Ann Widdecombe    Correct grammar still counts for a lot says Ann Widdecombe    GETTYWe should be allowed to protest against ChinaHow sad that we should instead be so slavish. I welcome the initiative this government has shown in getting deals with China, which is clearly becoming a huge economic force in the world. Yet we should never flinch from facing the country’s decidedly poor record on human rights including forced abortions.The demonstrations in HongKong only last year in support of democracy and the treatment of Tibet cannot be ignored. Nor can we ignore the simple fact that China is a one party state.A country which can deny a contract to Saudi Arabia because a British lawbreaker faces brutal punishment cannot the next day kow-tow to a regime which regularly treats its own citizens cruelly.We should make our displeasure clear but that should not preclude commerce and state visits and nor should they in turn preclude the exercise of free speech and peaceful protest.After all, a placard is hardly a bomb.--------------------------------  GETTYKate gets on with wellie-wangingKate throws herself in to her work againHow great to see the Duchess of Cambridge so thoroughly back in action, throwing Wellington boots in a wanging competition and dressed up to the nines for the Bond film premiere.Now that Kate is back, how about some glimpses of Princess Charlotte? She also must be looking gorgeous and is still too young to be bothered by all the admiring fuss.Anyway, think what it would do for sales in baby clothes this Christmas. It only needs one cute little dress.--------------------------------Chancellor must review the new pensions regulations This Government was elected to clear up the economic mess left by 13 years of high spending, high taxing and a soaring welfare bill.It is doing just that by making it worth working with the national minimum wage and income tax cuts.Already the number of children living in workless families is at a record low. Everybody knows it takes time and unpopularity but at the first hint of belt-tightening the unelected chamber decides to knock reform off course.We have a simple choice: be ruled by a government which does what is right or by one which dishes out money like confetti to buy popularity.If you really want the latter then vote Corbyn.  GETTYGeorge Osborne needs a re-thinkNevertheless, if George Osborne wants to make cuts in unnecessary public expenditure then perhaps he should look at the new pensions regulations, whereby if you employ a nanny, a cleaner or a carer, you must register that person in a pension scheme.If such workers do not want to have a pension from you then they can opt out but only after the employer has gone through all the rigmarole of setting them up in a scheme.The time and expense involved in establishing employees in a scheme only for them to opt out five minutes later is daft and a gross imposition on the smallest employers.It should not be beyond the wit of the pensions regulator to devise a system whereby employees can opt out before registration.But that might be too much like common sense.--------------------------------The argument about a second referendum over the EU if Britain votes to leave is fatuous.We need a simple decision to remain or go and if the nation votes to go then we will do what Norway did and leave.If the no campaign does its job properly and proposes a credible scenario for leaving then we will not need any further vote.--------------------------------Find the site and you can sign petitionThank you to all readers who have signed the petition asking for all illegal immigrants coming through the Channel Tunnel to be returned to France.However I have received many frustrated messages from people who could not find it on the government site.I give the link here – https://petition.parliament.uk/petitions/105935.Yet some readers responded that when they tried it they got an error message, so here is what should be a foolproof way of finding the petition. I know it still to be there because I have checked several times.Google UK Government Petitions which will take you to the site. Click on “all open petitions”. Then scroll down until you read “That all illegal immigrants coming through the tunnel be returned to France”.It is towards the end and you will need to scroll four or five pages. Good luck!Also last week I wrote about a lady of 92 who was being forced to go back to South Africa to apply for a visa. Did the Home Office contact me? Did officials express concern? Did they offer to look at it again? No, no and no. They don’t care a dash.The Recording Angel must be running out of ink when it comes to keeping up with them.--------------------------------The latest statement of the bloomin’ obvious comes from Vodafone, where a study found that people who check their phones during the night are tired next day.Any interruption of sleep will leave you more tired than if you sleep right through the night.Did we really need a study to tell us that? As for those who check their phones at night, they should ask what they would think of someone who regularly read letters at intervals during the hours of darkness.The words men and white coats come to mind.--------------------------------Save suave 007Roger Moore has upset the politically correct brigade by stating that James Bond could never be gay or a lady. Well that is all too obviously the case.Bond is a womanising, martini swigging character and anything which contradicted that just wouldn’t be Bond.You might as well expect him to be portrayed as a violence-hating, teetotal pacifist.Yet I begin to wonder quite where the Bond films are going anyway. Spectre is reported to be profoundly violent with eye-gouging among its many offerings.The original Bond films had plenty of action but their violence was rather stylish compared to modern horrors.Films which rely on gore are merely crude and that is something our suave 007 never was.
