2018 - a year in pictures: What happened in 2018? A look back at the biggest stories
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1060716/2018-in-pictures-roundup-what-happened-in-2018
 PUBLISHED:  11:00, Fri, Dec 28, 2018 
   2018 has been quite a year! We've seen breakthroughs in space travel, some heartbreaking natural disasters, global political upheavals and new royals in the fold. Read on for a snapshot of the biggest stories of this year, and the pictures that shaped them.  Related articles   China warns US 'We won't be BULLIED or dictated to' amid World War ...   WW3: North Korea warns US tensions sparked ‘nightmare of nuclear war' JANUARYThe United States government enters a federal government shutdown as a result of a dispute over Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals.Scientists in China report in the journal Cell the creation of the first monkey clones using somatic cell nuclear transfer, named Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua.A Super Blue Blood Moon takes place. The Moon appears as a supermoon, with perigee being on January 30. It is also the first blue moon eclipse since 1983.  JANUARY: A Super Blue Blood Moon takes place (Image: Getty)FEBRUARYSpaceX successfully conducts its maiden flight of its most powerful rocket to date, the Falcon Heavy, from LC39A at John F Kennedy Space Centre in Florida.The winter Olympics are held in Pyeongchang, South Korea.Saratov Airlines Flight 703 crashes shortly after take-off from Moscow, killing 71 people on board.A school shooting occurs at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, killing 17 people and injuring 17.Jacob Zuma resigned as the president of South Africa after nine years in power.  FERBRUARY: The winter Olympics are held in Pyeongchang, South Korea. (Image: Getty)MARCHFormer Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and daughter Yulia are poisoned by the Novichok nerve agent in Salisbury, England. UK counter-terrorism police investigate amid speculation the Kremlin was behind the incident. A diplomatic crisis is sparked, with 100 Russian diplomats expelled by more than 20 countries.China's government approves a constitutional change that removes term limits for its leaders, granting Xi Jinping the status of "President for Life.”Vladimir Putin is elected for a forth term as Russin president.The world's last male northern white rhinoceros dies in Kenya, making the subspecies functionally extinct.In more than 900 cities internationally, people participate in demonstrations against gun violence and mass shootings, calling for stronger gun control in the "March for Our Lives.”  MARCH: "March for Our Lives" in Washington, DC (Image: Getty)APRILThe 2018 Commonwealth Games are held in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.At least 70 people are reported to have died and hundreds suffering injuries after a sarin chemical attack in Douma, the last rebel-held town in Syria's Eastern GhoutaCinemas open in Saudi Arabia for the first time since 1983 with the American film Black Panther chosen as the first to be screened.NASA's Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) is launched.Kim Jong-un crosses into South Korea to meet with President Moon Jae-in, becoming the first North Korean leader to cross the Demilitarized Zone since its creation in 1953.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accuses Iran of not holding up its end of the Iran nuclear deal after presenting a cache of over 100,000 documents detailing the extent of Iran's nuclear program. Iran denounces Netanyahu's presentation as "propaganda".Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William welcomed their third child, Prince Louis.  APRIL: Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William welcomed their third child, Prince Louis (Image: Getty)MAYHawaii’s Kilauea volcano erupts, delivering dazzling displays of nature’s might and redesigning the map of Hawaii’s Big Island.US President Donald Trump announces his intention to withdraw the United States from the Iranian nuclear agreement.Cubana de Aviación Flight 972 crashes shortly after take-off near José Martí International Airport in Havana, killing 112 and leaving only one survivor.Prince Harry marries the American actress Meghan Markle. The two are titled the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.The European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) goes into effect, imposing strict privacy controls for European citizens worldwide.A constitutional referendum on whether to repeal the ban on abortion in Ireland takes place, with a landslide win of 66.4 percent for the repeal side.  MAY: Hawaii’s Kilauea volcano erupts (Image: Getty)JUNEAt least 109 people are killed and hundreds wounded by the eruption of Volcán de Fuego, Guatemala's deadliest volcano for more than a century.FIFA awards hosting rights for the 2026 World Cup to a joint bid from Canada, Mexico and the United States.The 2018 FIFA World Cup is held in Russia and is won by France.The United States announces it will withdraw from the United Nations Human Rights Council.Canada becomes the first major industrialised country to legalise cannabis for recreational use.Saudi Arabia allows women to drive.  JUNE: The 2018 FIFA World Cup is held in Russia and is won by France. (Image: Getty)JULYUS tariffs on US$ 34 billion of Chinese goods come into effect, as President Trump suggests the final total could reach $550bn. China accuses the U.S. of starting the "largest trade war in economic history" and announces immediate retaliatory tariffs.Twelve boys and their football coach are successfully rescued from the flooded Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand, following a 17-day ordeal that captured the world’s attention.Scientists report the presence of a subglacial lake on Mars, the first known body of water on the planet.Heavy wildfires in Greece leave 87 dead and more than a hundred buildings destroyed.The longest total lunar eclipse of the 21st century occurs and Mars makes its closest approach to Earth since 2003.Britain endures a lengthy heat wave, with temperatures topping 35.3C in Faversham, Kent.  JULY: Heavy wildfires in Greece leave 87 dead and more than a hundred buildings destroyed. (Image: Getty)AUGUSTApple Inc. becomes the world's first public company to achieve a market capitalisation of $1 trillion.Heavy rainfall causes severe floods in the Indian state of Kerala. It is the worst flood to hit the state in a century.Part of the Morandi Bridge collapses after a violent storm in Genoa, Italy, causing 43 fatalities. Deputy Prime Minister Luigi Di Maio and transport minister Danilo Toninelli blame private company Autostrade per l'Italia  AUGUST: Part of the Morandi Bridge collapses after a violent storm in Genoa, Italy (Image: Getty)SEPTEMBERA fire destroys the National Museum of Brazil in Rio de Janeiro.The Supreme Court of India decriminalises homosexuality.A magnitude 7.5 earthquake hits Sulawesi, Indonesia, causing a tsunami that kills at least 2,256 people and injures more than 10,679 others.  SEPTEMBER: A magnitude 7.5 earthquake hits Sulawesi, Indonesia, causing a tsunami (Image: Getty)OCTOBERWashington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi is murdered inside the Saudi consulate in Istanbul, triggering a diplomatic crisis for Saudi Arabia.The IPCC releases its Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5C, warning that "rapid, far-reaching and unprecedented changes in all aspects of society" are needed to ensure that global warming is kept below 1.5C.Hurricane Michael makes landfall at Mexico Beach, Florida, with winds of 155 mph and a minimum pressure of 919 mbar. It is the most intense hurricane to hit the mainland United States since Camille in 1969.700,000 people march through central London demanding a second referendum on the final Brexit deal. The event is the second most attended protest of the 21st century in the United Kingdom after the "Stop the War" anti-Iraq War march in 2003.The far-right Jair Bolsonaro is elected as the next President of Brazil, with 55 percent of the vote.The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announce they are expecting their fist baby in the spring of 2019.  OCTOBER: Hurricane Michael makes landfall at Mexico Beach, Florida (Image: Getty)NOVEMBERAmerica heads to polls for crucial midterm elections. The results see the House of Representative flip to the Democrats, while Republicans hold the Senate.The Camp Fire ignites in Butte County, California. It becomes California's deadliest and most destructive wildfire, with 88 deaths and 18,804 buildings destroyed.Many nations around the world, particularly ones in Europe and the Commonwealth, along with the United States, celebrate 100 years since the end of the World War I with Armistice Day, Veterans Day, and Remembrance Day ceremonies, speeches, parades, and memorials.NASA's InSight probe successfully lands on the surface of Mars.Ukraine declares martial law after an armed incident in which Russia seized three Ukrainian ships in the disputed Kerch Strait two days earlier.Chinese scientist He Jiankui, at a public conference in Hong Kong, announces that he has altered the DNA of twin human girls born earlier in the month to try to make them resistant to infection with the HIV virus; he also reveals the possible second pregnancy of another gene-modified baby.  NOVEMBER: America heads to polls for crucial midterm elections (Image: Getty)DECEMBERFrance experiences its worst civil unrest since the protests of 1968 due to the yellow vests movement. Protests in Paris morph into riots, with hundreds of people injured and thousands arrested; more than 100 cars are burned, the Arc de Triomphe is vandalised and numerous other tourist sites are closed, both in the capital and elsewhere in the country.British Conservative MPs table a motion of no-confidence in Prime Minister Theresa May amid ongoing fallout over Brexit. Mrs May wins the motion, 200 votes to 117.  DECEMBER: France experiences its worst civil unrest since the protests of 1968 (Image: Getty)
