China trade news: New tariffs imposed TODAY - China issues ANOTHER threat to Trump
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1022201/china-trade-news-import-tariffs-chinese-products-us-trade-war
 19:25, Mon, Sep 24, 2018 
   The US has been accused of trade bullying by China following new US tariffs on Chinese products. But the US says these tariffs are in response to unfair trading practices by China. The tariffs imposed were on a further $200bn (£152bn) worth of Chinese products. A retaliation of tariffs worth $60bn (£45bn) has been issued by Beijing.  Related articles   European markets dented as US-China trade war tariffs take effect    Trump to meet with US Deputy Attorney Rosenstein on Thursday Chinese news agency Xinhua reported the US were using "trade bullyism practices" and "intimidating other countries through economic measures" which are hurting the global economy, according to a white paper published by China's State Council.Accusations have also come from China that the US is starting the "largest trade war in economic history".Beijing said it was willing to restart trade negotiations with the US if the talks are "based on mutual respect and equality," Xinhua said, according to the white paper.Since July, a total of $250bn (£190bn) in tariffs have hit Chinese imports.   The US have imposed more tariffs on China, and China have lashed out (Image: GETTY)This equates to almost half of all of China’s imports to the US subject to new duties.The latest escalation is a result of China cancelling further trade talks with the US according to media reports. Washington imposed tariffs to nearly 6,000 items which are the largest trade tariffs yet. Items affected include textiles, rice and handbags - but smartphones and high chairs have been exempted.  Related articles   China cancels Navy Chief visit to US over Trump’s sanctions    Pound US dollar exchange rate: GBP edges higher after Brexit fears The resulting tariffs have lead to the US stock indexes falling today, as industrial and technology sectors shares face the brunt of the trade war. Today the industrial sector fell 1.44 percent, while material stocks slid 1.48 percent. Boeing, the biggest U.S. exporter to China, lost 1.3 percent.Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida said: “One of the bigger risks with these tariffs going into effect is that the United States may be pushed out of the Chinese market and it is a growing market.”  US stock indexes have fallen today as a result of the tariffs (Image: GETTY)  China have accused the US of bullying behaviour (Image: GETTY)US companies who import the affected Chinese products will now have to pay an additional 10 percent levy. From the start of 2019, the tax will rise to 25 percent unless China and the US agree to a deal. China has added an extra 5 percent duty on US products such as computers, small aircraft and textiles. An additional 10 percent has been added to meat, wheat, chemicals and wine. 
