Christianity CRACKDOWN: Fury as police demand REMOVAL of 1st Commandment - 'This must go'
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1067796/christian-persecution-christianity-religion-china-news
 18:52, Sat, Jan 5, 2019 
   Tens of millions of Chinese people identify themselves as Christians, most of them Protestant (Image: GETTY)According to members of the government-approved Three Self church, on November 1, around 30 officials from the central “patrol inspection team” for religious supervision arrived at the church in Dongcun village in Henan Province’s Luoning county to conduct an inspection. An official rigorously searched the church before pointing to the first of the Ten Commandments displayed on the wall. According to Bitter Winter Magazine, an online news organisation which specialises in civil liberties in China, the official said: “This must be removed.” Related articles   China RAIDS Protestant church as Beijing SUPPRESSES all religion   Christianity CRACKDOWN: City CANCELS CHRISTMAS The government officials then immediately wiped off the Commandment.Churchgoers took down the Ten Commandments sign that day, under pressure from the authorities.The first Commandment says: “You shall have no other gods before me.”Members of the church were left furious at the removal of the commandment.READ MORE: Christians are MOST persecuted religion in the world - reveals report  China possesses a number of laws which restrict religious activities across the country (Image: GETTY)One said: “This isn’t appropriate. They’re falsifying the words of God! It’s resisting the Lord!”A communist official from the “patrol inspection team” said: “Xi Jinping opposes this statement. Who dares not to cooperate? If anyone doesn’t agree, they are fighting against the country.“This is a national policy. You should have a clear understanding of the situation. Don’t go against the government.”The same church had its cross demolished last August.  Catholic worshippers wait to take communion at the Palm Sunday Mass during the Easter Holy Week (Image: GETTY)One church member said: “Back in August, the church’s cross was forcibly dismantled by the government. Now, the Ten Commandments have been converted into the ‘Nine Commandments.’"In China, practicing your faith is difficult.”While another complained: “They are trying to corrupt our faith and make us betray God.”This is another example of the regime’s ongoing war against Christianity under the banner of “Sinicization”. Related articles   Christianity crackdown: Government destroys 7,000 CROSSES    China RIPS out CROSSES from churches to replace them with PORTRAITS    China is officially an atheist state, which while having freedom of religion as a principle nominally enshrined with the laws and constitution of the country, still possesses a number of laws which restrict religious activities within China.Tens of millions of Chinese people identify themselves as Christians, most of them Protestant.Their numbers rival the membership of the ruling party, which currently stands at around 90 million.The US International Religious Freedom report for 2016, released by the US State Department on August 15 in 2017, criticised China's religious environment, saying that the administration of Xi Jinping continues to "exercise control over religion and restrict the activities and personal freedom of religious adherents" if they are perceived as a threat to the interests of the state or of the Communist Party of China.
