Corbyn will breach protocol at Queen’s banquet with Chinese leader
https://www.express.co.uk//news/politics/612155/Jeremy-Corbyn-will-breach-protocol-Queen-s-banquet-Chinese-leader-President-Xi-Jinping
 21:06, Wed, Oct 14, 2015 
  GETTYJeremy Corbyn is set to rock the boat by quizzing the Chinese President  We are always concerned that the Government doesn’t raise human rights issues as well as it shouldThe Labour leader is expected to breach Royal protocol by speaking to officials accompanying Chinese President Xi Jinping about the use of the death penalty and other rights abuses in his country during his visit to Buckingham Palace. Last night, Mr Corbyn’s aides also refused to say whether the hardened antimonarchist would wear the recommended formal dress of white tie and tails for the Royal function. President Xi is guest of honour at the dinner. It is seen as inappropriate for guests to raise controversial political issues at such events. Related articles   Jeremy Corbyn must control his left-wing rabble   Corbyn stripped of 'Right Honourable' title by QUEEN after he... The Labour leader was understood to be seeking private meetings with senior figures from Beijing during the State visit. His spokesman said any meeting would be held at an “appropriate venue” but did not rule out raising the issue at the banquet.  GETTYJeremy Corbyn has not shied away from controversy in his short tenure as Labour leaderMr Corbyn’s spokesman said: “He will be raising issues about human rights next week. “If he gets private meetings he will be doing it in those meetings – that’s the right thing to do. “We are always concerned that the Government doesn’t raise human rights issues as well as it should.”   GETTYPresident Xi Jinping will attend a banquet with the QueenThe spokesman declined to say whether the Labour leader intended to wear white tie and tails at the function. “You’ll have to wait and see,” the spokesman said. Mr Corbyn’s wife Laura Alvarez was not expected to be at his side but someone else would accompany him to the Palace.   GETTYOne is not amused: Jeremy Corbyn has already snubbed the Queen by missing a privy council assemblyThe spokesman also hinted that the party leader would join in the singing of the national anthem. He was widely criticised after for not doing so at the commemorations of the Battle of Britain’s 75th anniversary last month. He will take a full part,” the spokesman said.  Mr Corbyn has been accused of snubbing the Queen after declining to attend a meeting of the Privy Council. He is eligible to join the advisory body in his role as Leader of the Opposition but has yet to take part in the introductory ceremony which involves kneeling before the Queen. He is expected to meet the monarch at the banquet. Guests are traditionally received by the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh, who shake hands and exchange a few words of greeting. Asked when Mr Corbyn would be sworn in as a Privy Council member, his spokesman said: “As soon as he is able to make a Privy Council meeting which, we hope, will be next month.” Tory MP Andrew Rosindell said: “I think he is right to raise the issue of human rights in China and I commend him for doing so. “Whether that particular function is the appropriate place to do so, I’m not sure."Related articles   Rushed military vote on Syria could see Jeremy Corbyn miss out on secret briefing  Jeremy Corbyn faces Labour revolt over deficit U-turn
