President Xi Jinping and Peng Liyuan: China's first couple
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/613458/President-Xi-Jinping-Peng-Liyuan-China-first-couple-UK-state-tour
 21:51, Tue, Oct 20, 2015 
  GETTYPresident Jinping and his wife Peng with the Queen at Buckingham Palace earlier todayThe Prince of Wales once dubbed them “appalling old waxworks” but after yesterday he might wish to revise that description of China’s political leadership. Charles and Camilla were dispatched to welcome Chinese President Xi Jinping to Britain on the Queen’s behalf, for the first state visit by a Chinese leader in a decade. Later on Charles and Camilla entertained the President and his wife to tea at Clarence House and it cannot have escaped anyone’s notice that Xi Jinping is not the stereotypical Chinese leader we’re used to in the West.For a start we know something about this man. He gives interviews. We know that as a teenager he was sent away from his home in Beijing and spent seven years living in a flea-infested cave as part of Mao Tse-tung’s “re-education” programme for China’s “soft” urban youth who were packed off into hard labour in the remote countryside. Life was so harsh that the 15-year-old Xi ran away to Beijing but his mother reported him to the authorities and he was sent back. He pushed carts of sand and helped build a dam. Food was scarce and his bed was a straw mat but he believes the experience helped form his character.   GETTYPeng Liyuan rose to fame as a superstar folk singer in China, and still occasionally performsHe was sent away to Liangjiahe in remote central China at the height of his own father’s persecution. Xi senior was a founding father of Communist China in 1949 and fought alongside Mao but was “purged” when young Xi was 10 and first exiled to a factory and then jailed. Xi junior studied chemical engineering but with his name sullied by association with his father it took him 10 attempts before he was accepted into the Communist Party in 1974. Once in he climbed steadily through the ranks of regional parties and was appointed to the all-powerful Politburo in 2007. We know Xi, 62, likes to drop in for lunch at humble cafes and enjoys a kickabout. In Ireland he was pictured playing keepy-uppy at a football stadium. This is not the behaviour the Chinese are used to from their politicians. Xi also looks different from his predecessors. Unusually tall for a Chinese man(he is 5ft 9in – the same height as Prince Charles, in fact) he favours smart suits.   PAPresident Jinping gave a speech to politicians at a packed Westminster earlier todayThere isn’t a Mao jacket or worker’s cap to be seen. What is very much in evidence, however, is the President’s spouse. In China political wives are invisible. The only one who wasn’t was Mao’s wife and that didn’t end well. But this President’s wife is Peng Liyuan, a stylish beauty and one of China’s biggest singing stars. For years she was a stalwart of Chinese TV, nicknamed “the Peony Fairy” and her fame far exceeds her husband’s. We know a fair bit about her too. She was born in a tiny village in 1962 and suffered cruelly when her father, an intellectual who ran a local cultural centre and taught illiterate villagers how to read, was marked out as a counterrevolutionary.His punishment was “reform through labour” and he was made to clean communal toilets.  Related articles   Chinese president meets Queen as anger over human rights and steel...   David Cameron: PM urged to step in as 1,200 steel jobs cut   PAPrince Charles has formerly been scathing in his assessment of Chinese political leadersPeng’s mother, an actress, lost her job. In a TV interview Peng, 52, claimed her family were punished because some of her relatives had served in the army of Taiwan during China’s civil war. At 18 Peng joined the Chinese People’s Liberation Army and is now a major-general. She started out performing patriotic songs for the troops and sang for them after the military quashed the pro-democracy protests in Tiananmen Square in 1989. She and Xi were introduced by friends in 1986. He was 10 years older, the divorced deputy mayor of a provincial city while she was already a household name. His initial attempts to woo her – quizzing her about singing techniques – left her unimpressed. “He looked old and fusty and I didn’t like him at first,” she recalls.   PAPresident Jinping shared a toast with the Queen after his speech at Westminster todayHer parents also disapproved because of Xi’s family history. At home he is not a leader, he’s just my husband and I’m just his wifePeng LiyuanBut in September 1987 they married. Five years later daughter Xi Mingze was born. Nowadays Peng performs only occasionally but then she has other preoccupations. She is a goodwill ambassador for the World Health Organisation, focusing on TB and HIV/Aids, and campaigns for tobacco controls in smoking-mad China.And now here she is, very much on show as she accompanies her husband as he addresses the Mother of Parliaments and breaks bread with the Queen (Xi claims to be a big fan). In other words, conducting herself very much like a first lady as we in the West understand the term. Even more interestingly, no one seems to understand what an asset she is better than her husband.    Could this be a tiny indication of real political change in China? After all, why does Xi work so hard at his man-of-the-people act when the people can only vote for one party – his? Today the village where Xi was sent for “re-education” is a thriving tourist spot where they sell souvenir “Xi cutlery”. “At home he is not a leader, he’s just my husband and I’m just his wife,” said Peng in a magazine interview. That may be true but political leaders don’t spend much time at home, do they? 
