Chinese SPY tried to get into Queen's royal carriage during state visit
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/614535/Chinese-SPY-Queen-s-royal-carriage-state-visit
 04:20, Mon, Oct 26, 2015 
  PAThe spy tried to get into the royal carriage with the Queen and Xi JinpingHer Royal Highness Queen Elizabeth II was pictured riding in the gilded horse drawn coach with Xi along Horse Guards Parade last week, blissfully unaware of the danger she could have been in. The Chinese agent posed as an official interpreter in a reported attempt to get inside the carriage with The Queen and her guest. There's an issue here about bullying, uncomprehending Chinese police. This security should be done by us, not them.Senior Tory sourceBut he was thwarted by members of the diplomatic protection squad - an elite group from Scotland Yard tasked with providing 24-hour security for the royal family and other VIPs in London - who realised something wasn't quite right.   REUTERSThe security breach happened during the Chinese president's state visitThe attempted security breach led to a tense stand-off between security services from the two countries with British politicians accusing the Chinese of trying to take control. A senior Tory told The Sunday Times: "There was a stand-off and our protection people were shouldered aside. There's an issue here about bullying, uncomprehending Chinese police. This security should be done by us, not them."A senior British official told the newspaper: "The bodyguard, or spy, attempted to get in the carriage and was prevented when it was ascertained by our security officials that he was actually a security official rather than the official translator."In other words, they were trying to get someone dodgy into the carriage alongside the president and the Queen."   The worrying incident happened as Britain and China try to improve the way they cooperate in terms of national security. Two pilots from the People's Liberation Army - China's armed forces - have just graduated from the RAF officers' college at Cranwell, Lincolnshire.   PAPresident Xi Jinping received a royal welcome on his state visitThe two aircraft ground engineers did not undergo pilot training and were not given access to top secret information but they did fire SA80 rifles and take part in combat exercises. Chinese officers are now likely to train at The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, attended by Princes William and Harry, and Britannia Royal Naval College in Dartmouth. The developing relationship between Britain and China could upset our allies America and Japan, both caught up in a row with the communist nation in the South China Sea.   GETTYPrinces William and Harry attended Sandhurst, where Chinese officers are now likely to trainBut an RAF source said: "Basic initial officer training such as this is conducted across all three services with participants from a multitude of foreign nations including allies, friendly nations and nations we are keen to build relationships with."Speaking about the Chinese spy, a royal source said: "No one got into the carriage except the principals."
