US-China trade WAR: 'I'm a TARIFF MAN!' Donald Trump's threat to China
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1054440/us-china-trade-war-donald-trump-news-tariffs-chinese-goods-xi-jinping
 22:58, Tue, Dec 4, 2018 
   Mr Trump and China's leader Xi Jinping have agreed on a temporary truce to halt their long-standing trade war at the G20 summit last weekend.As the US and China carry out negotiations to finalise a deal over their economic dispute, Mr Trump has warned China to negotiate a fair deal or else continue to face imposed tariffs.He wrote on Twitter today: "President Xi and I want this deal to happen, and it probably will. But if not remember, I am a Tariff Man. "When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation, I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so.  Related articles   Trade war: SHOWDOWN between US and China at G20 as tensions ESCALAT...   MACRON’S G20 WARNING: US and China trade row risks DESTROYING globa... "It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. "We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN."At the sidelines of last weekend's G20 summit, Mr Trump and Mr Jinping agreed not to increase tariffs for 90 days to allow negotiations to take place.Following the meeting, the US President wrote on Twitter: "My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one.   Donald Trump has threatened China, insisting they must pay for the "privilege" to trade with the US (Image: GETTY)"Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. "We are dealing from great strength, but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!"However, Mr Trump threatened to increase tariffs from 10 percent to 25 percent on £155 billion (US$200bn) worth of Chinese goods in January if no agreement is made.A statement from the White House said: "If at the end of this period of time, the parties are unable to reach an agreement, the 10 percent tariffs will be raised to 25 percent."  Mr Trump and Xi Jinping held a dinner at the sidelines of the G20 summit (Image: GETTY)  The US promised not to increase tariffs for 90 days to allow negotiations to take place (Image: GETTY)   The US said China agreed to "purchase a not yet agreed upon, but very substantial, amount of agricultural, energy, industrial, and other products from the United States to reduce the trade imbalance between our two countries".Mr Trump wrote on Twitter today: "The negotiations with China have already started. Unless extended, they will end 90 days from the date of our wonderful and very warm dinner with President Xi in Argentina. "Bob Lighthizer will be working closely with Steve Mnuchin, Larry Kudlow, Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is, we will get it done. "China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product and more immediately."
