Blue chip stocks even after strong rally as Beijing promises to prevent investment risks
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/832904/Blue-chip-stocks-even-Beijing-investment-risks-shanghai-stock-exchange-xi-jinping
 15:22, Tue, Jul 25, 2017 
  GETTYThe CSI300 index fell 0.3 percent to 3,731.40 points by the end of the morning sessionThe CSI300 index fell 0.3 percent to 3,731.40 points by the end of the morning session, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.1 percent to 3,246.04 points. China's Politburo, the Communist Party's top decision-making body, said Beijing will implement a “proactive” fiscal policy and “prudent” monetary policy in the second half of the year, the official Xinhua news agency reported yesterday. China will also strengthen coordination of financial regulation, stabilise the property market and prevent systemic financial risks, according to a statement following the meeting chaired by President Xi Jinping.  Related articles   China stocks rise after initial sharp drop this morning   China stocks rise as investors pile into banking and consumer shares Regulators issued a flurry of measures earlier in the year to crack down on riskier forms of financing, but paused recently to review if they were impacting economic growth. After second-quarter growth exceeded expectations, many analysts expect the government has room to keep those administrative measures in place for at least the rest of the year, with a possibility of more targeted action if risks appear to flare again. China's economy is likely to grow at an annual rate of around 6.7 percent in the second half of 2017, slowing slightly from the first half of the year, the State Information Centre (SIC) said today.   GETTYChina will prevent systemic financial risks, said a statement after a meeting chaired by Xi Jinping  GETTYRegulators issued a flurry of measures earlier this year to crack down on riskier forms of financingChina's mutual fund managers remained overweight on industry heavyweights in the second quarter, Changjiang Securities wrote in a report, adding sector leaders are more attractive for their business performance and valuations. For example, shares in China Merchants Bank, the nation's largest retail bank, have leapt 47 percent so far this year, far outperforming other big-cap peers. Shares of the bank rose 0.4 percent today, after it reported late on Monday that first-half profits rose more than 11 percent.   GETTYThe country's mutual funds stepped up their holdings in mainboard shares in the past three monthsThe country's mutual funds stepped up their holdings in mainboard shares in the past three months, while cutting their exposure to start-ups to the lowest level since the fourth quarter of 2013, the brokerage wrote. The trend tallied with a retreat from start-up companies, with the start-up board index losing 13.9 percent so far this year, versus a gain of 12.7 percent in the blue-chip CSI300 index. Most sectors lost ground in the morning, with real estate and material shares leading the decline, while gains were seen in banking plays. 
