Trump's trade war on China threatens to damage us all, says STEPHEN POLLARD
https://www.express.co.uk//comment/expresscomment/1125719/trump-trade-war-china-exports-US-tariffs-surplus-xi-jinping
 09:30, Sat, May 11, 2019 
    var brightcoveBrandsafety='4 Sport and specialist news &ndash; passed for ad targeting' President Trump has repeatedly spoken of his view that tariffs on imports are a good thing, saying that they can protect Americans "from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies and destroying our jobs". He believes that trade wars are "good and easy to win". This week's tariff increases come on the back of last year's measures to increase the price of $250billion (£190billion) of Chinese exports to the US. China then imposed its own tariffs on $110billion of US exports to China. Since then, the two superpowers have been talking about finding a way through their trade conflict. It's the apparent failure of these talks that has led President Trump to impose increases from 10 to 25 per cent on $200billion worth of Chinese goods. Related articles   It's time we healed the rifts in our society, says STEPHEN POLLARD   The ‘many’ will pay for return to state ownership says STEPHEN POLLARD The White House says China is refusing to stand by promises it made and progress has been too slow. As he put it at a rally this week, China "broke the deal... they can't do that, so they'll be paying". China says it will retaliate, of course.And so begin the classic tit-for-tat measures at the start of all trade wars - and like all trade wars they have the potential to be disastrous for everyone.Economics is a highly controversial policy area, with wildly varying opinions over some of its most basic concepts. One thing we know for certain, both in theory and from centuries of practice, is that free trade is far more beneficial for everyone than protectionism - when a country decides to "protect" itself by restricting the amount or increasing the cost of imports.Worryingly, this fundamental truth is increasingly under attack as populists like President Trump claim they are acting to bolster their national interest - when in reality they are offering nothing more than a return to the damaging "beggar thy neighbour" policies that choke growth and prosperity.Economist Adam Smith showed in The Wealth Of Nations that benefits flowed if countries concentrated on making and selling goods for which they have an "absolute advantage".  US President Donald Trump (Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images)In today's context, that means it's sensible for China to concentrate on manufacturing as its cheap labour costs mean it has an absolute advantage.President Trump's response is that we should impose tariffs to protect our industry from this competition from goods produced by cheap Chinese labour. But the flaws in that were shown by another economist, David Ricardo, who said it's not "absolute advantage" that matters but "comparative advantage".He showed that while we could produce more wine and cloth than Portugal, it would cost far more here, which meant Portugal had a comparative advantage. The best way to produce growth and prosperity is to focus on making and selling goods in which a country has a comparative advantage - and to campaign for tariffs to be lowered so all countries benefit.In the 19th century the removal of trade barriers sparked unprecedented economic growth and wealth, when new markets opened up to everyone's benefit.As the latest US tariffs show, these are not obscure and irrelevant theories but are of vital contemporary importance.President Trump rails against China's trade surplus with the US - the fact is that it exports more to the US than the US exports to China. Related articles   Let’s purge bigotry from our political parties, says STEPHEN POLLARD   It’s right IS bride receives legal aid, says STEPHEN POLLARD   Chinese President Xi Jinping (Image: Wang Zhao - Pool/Getty Images)But this is a crazy way of looking at things. The reason US consumers are buying Chinese goods is because they want to - either because they are cheaper or better. No one is forced to buy from China. And the people who suffer from extra tariffs on China will be US consumers, who will have to pay more.The US has been here before.After the Wall Street Crash in 1929, a range of tariffs was introduced to protect manufacturing - but it only served to provoke the US's trading partners to impose their own tariffs, which worsened and lengthened the Great Depression. If this was simply a dispute between two small countries, it would be bad for them but the rest of us need not be concerned.But because China and the US are economic powerhouses whose every move affects trade the world over, this matters intensely to us.The very last thing the world ever needs is a tariff battle to break out, impoverishing us all.Global trade is now in the hands of Donald Trump and Chinese leader, President Xi Jinping. The prospect is deeply worrying.
