China's economy growth hits six-year LOW as Cameron begs country for cash
https://www.express.co.uk//finance/city/613078/China-s-economy-growth-hits-six-year-LOW-as-Cameron-hopes-for-UK-investment
 14:51, Mon, Oct 19, 2015 
  GETTYChina's economy has been slowing in recent monthsChinese GDP grew by 6.9 per cent in the third quarter of 2015 from a year earlier, the lowest figure since 2009, amid fears the country's slowdown could spark another global downturn. Quarter on quarter growth was 1.8 percent, according to China's National Bureau of Statistics.President Xi today arrives in Britain today and the Tories are laying on a lavish affair for the leader aimed at securing billions of pounds of Chinese investment.They want help building the controversial Hinkley Power Plant and HS2 highspeed rail network.The economic data is slightly embarrassing for the leader, but experts had, in fact, been expecting the growth figures to come out far lower. Related articles   The five charts that show exactly why China's economic crisis is...   'Britain NEEDS us’ says China as Tories roll out red carpet for...   PA Wire All the stops have been pulled out for President Xi's visit to Britain Once again there was speculation the figures may have been fiddled by China's policymakers, with some critics stating growth could be around half of official estimates. Russ Mould, investment director at AJ Bell, said: “Chinese headline GDP growth looks healthy at 6.9 per cent but underlying metrics suggest the real growth rate could be nearer 3 - 4 per cent. "If you look at growth in rail cargo traffic, electricity consumption and demand for loans, three metrics favoured by Prime Minister Li, the picture is not so healthy."  AJ BellChina's economy could be growing at a lower rate than official estimatesMr Mould added: “Credit growth still looks promising but freight shipments and electricity demand growth look to be sagging, so the so-called Li Keqiang index does raise a few questions.“Today’s GDP figures are encouraging but investors with exposure to China should still expect some bumps and lumps along the way.”Investors are expecting the Chinese Government to released financial support measures in the coming weeks, such as injecting cash into stock markets or weakening the currency in an effort to ease the effect of the slowdown. At the end of August and early September, worries over China's slowdown triggered stock markets in London and across the world to crash, with the FTSE 100 losing around £70billion in one day alone. And in recent weeks, the more direct effects of China's slowdown have been hitting UK companies and the economy. In September it was revealed that British exports have slumped to a five-year low off the back of China's crisis. And slowing demand for commodities from China has pushed prices down, which is part of the reason why Britain's steel industry has been forced to axe jobs.British companies are also now reporting a direct hit to profits. Michael Hewson, chief market analyst at CMC Markets UK, said: "A recurring theme coming out of last week’s company earnings reports was a weakening of demand in Chinese markets, a factor cited by Burberry, Hugo Boss, Nestle, Yum Brands and Wynn Resorts amongst others.""Attention this week will once again be on the Chinese economy despite assurances from Chinese officials that what we are seeing is the natural growing pains of an economy merely adjusting to the normal ebb and flow of a shift from an industrial base to a more services based economy."Last week’s China trade balance numbers showed that while exports improved slightly, the sharp drop in imports suggested that internal demand remains constrained by the weakness in commodity prices, as well as lower domestic consumption, raising concerns that the Chinese government could well find it difficult to hit its 7 per cent GDP target for this year." Related articles   George Osborne begs China to stump up cash for HS2 and 'Northern...   China and buy-to-let biggest threats to British economy, says Bank...   PADavid Cameron went to China in 2013 to meet President Xi Jinping   
