FTSE latest: London share prices PLUMMET amid US-China trade war fears
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/1054882/ftse-100-share-prices-us-china-trade-war
 17:37, Wed, Dec 5, 2018 
  President Donald Trump and China's leader Xi Jinping are in the midst of a trade dispute (Image: AFP/Getty Images)The FTSE 100 index was down 81 points or 1.2 per cent to 6,941 in mid-morning trade after shares in the United States and Asia plunged overnight. U.S. markets were closed on Wednesday to observe former President George H.W. Bush's death, but the effect of Wall Street's turmoil the previous day was felt in Europe and Asia with the benchmark Shanghai stock index closing down 0.6 percent. The plunge came hours before the Chinese Commerce Ministry said that it was confident it can reach a trade deal with the U.S as the countries continue to dispute tariffs placed on one another’s goods. Related articles   US-China trade WAR: 'I'm a TARIFF MAN!' Donald Trump's threat to Ch...   Donald Trump threatens China with MASSIVE tariffs A brief statement on its website read: “We are confident in implementation” and called the latest bilateral talks “very successful”.The ministry said that China would try to work quickly to implement specific items already agreed upon, as both sides “actively promote the work of negotiations within 90 days in accordance with a clear timetable and road map”.U.S. President Donald Trump and China's leader Xi Jinping agreed on a temporary truce to halt their long-standing trade war at the G20 summit last weekend.But earlier this week, Mr Trump said Beijing must pay for the "privilege" to trade with Washington.  London shares dropped amid fears of a US-China trade war (Image: Getty)  Xi Jinping and Trump agreed a trade truce at the G20 (Image: Getty)As the US and China carry out negotiations to finalise a deal over their economic dispute, Mr Trump has warned China to negotiate a fair deal or else continue to face imposed tariffs.He wrote on Twitter yesterday: "President Xi and I want this deal to happen, and it probably will. But if not remember, I am a Tariff Man."When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation, I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so.”"It will always be the best way to max out our economic power."We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN." Related articles   Trump ABANDONS world leaders as he WALKS OFF stage at G20 summit    REVEALED: Vladimir Putin discloses what he told Trump   Donald Trump tweeted yesterday that he is a 'tariff man' (Image: AFP/Getty Images)At the sidelines of last weekend's G20 summit, Mr Trump and Mr Jinping agreed not to increase tariffs for 90 days to allow negotiations to take place.Following the meeting, the US President wrote on Twitter: "My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one."Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen."We are dealing from great strength, but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!"
