Donald Trump accused of adopting BIZARRE Chinese accent during border speech - ‘Yikes!'
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1087926/donald-trump-news-latest-press-conference-chinese-accent-national-emergency-speech-today
 17:39, Fri, Feb 15, 2019 
   Donald Trump has been accused of adopting a Chinese accent during his speech on the US-Mexico border, in which he declared a state of national emergency. The US President was quoting Xi Jinping when he appeared to mimic the Chinese President’s accent. Discussing how China uses the death penalty against drug dealers, President Trump imitated Xi Jinping: “‘Death penalty. We give death penalty to people that sell drugs.’” He continued: “End of problem. What do we do, we set up blue ribbon committees. Related articles   Donald Trump news: Most SHOCKING statements made in speech today   Trump news: Is it ILLEGAL for Trump to declare a national emergency? “Lovely men and women, they sit around a table, they have lunch, they eat, they dine and they waste a lot of time.”Twitter users reacted to the apparent imitation, with one posting: “Yikes, is it me or did Trump only just barely manage to stop himself sliding right into a Chinese accent when quoting President Xi…?”Another said in disbelief: “Did Trump just imitate President Xi Chinese accent while addressing the press?”A third added: “Why does Trump speak with a bad Chinese accent when quoting President Xi? #FakeTrumpEmergency”.  Donald Trump: the US President was accused of attempting to imitate a Chinese accent (Image: Sky News)  Donald Trump: one Twitter user remarked "yikes" at the President appearing to mimic a Chinese accent (Image: @FoodFashFit/Twitter) The tariffs are hurting China very badlyDonald TrumpEarlier in his speech, the US President suggested America should use the death penalty against drug dealers. Referring to China, he said: “For their criminal list a drug dealer gets a thing called the death penalty. Our criminal list a drug dealer gets a thing called ‘how about a fine’.“When I asked President Xi, I said have you got a drug problem? ‘No, no, no’. I said you have 1.4 billion people what do you mean you have no drug problem? ‘No we don’t have a drug problem.’”President Trump said on Friday he would declare a national emergency at the U.S.-Mexico border, a move expected to plunge him into a fight with Democrats over what they call an unconstitutional attempt to fund a wall without approval from Congress.Trump had demanded Congress include money for the wall, one of his biggest 2016 campaign promises, in a funding bill he was expected to sign either later on Friday or Saturday.   It was approved overwhelmingly by Congress late on Thursday without the wall money he wanted, a legislative defeat for him.A national emergency, if not blocked by the courts or Congress, would allow Trump to dip into funds lawmakers had approved for other purposes to build a border wall.U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday that trade talks with China "are going extremely well," and the United States is closer than ever to having a "real" trade deal with Beijing that levels the playing field for U.S. companies.President Trump said the White House garden event: ”The tariffs are hurting China very badly. They don't want them, and frankly, if we can make the deal, it would be my honor to remove them.”
