Tales of pet diplomacy: How animals play a major role in politics
https://www.express.co.uk//news/nature/902637/emmanuel-macron-china-xi-jinping-horse-animals-diplomacy-putin-dogs-nixon-mao
 09:18, Wed, Jan 10, 2018 
  TWITTER/AFP/GETTYEmmanuel Macron presented his host Xi Jinping with a horse from the elite Republican GuardFour days before the President’s jet touched down in Beijing the Chinese took delivery of a magnificent eight-year-old bay gelding called Vesuve de Brekka (Vesuvius of Brekka) that had spent five years with France’s elite Republican Guard. And a flick through the history books reveals that the gift of Vesuvius is by no means the first time an animal has oiled the wheels of international diplomacy. ————————————— RUSSIA’S dog-loving president Vladimir Putin has been given at least three pedigree canines over the years. In 2010 Bulgaria’s PM Boyko Borissov presented Putin with a Bulgarian shepherd puppy called Buffy and two years later it was joined by an Akita called Yume, a gift from the Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe.    AFP/GETTYVladimir Putin plays with his dogs Buffy and Yume Related articles   WATCH: Russia unleashes its dogs of war – but there is a catch Late last year the reigning president of Turkmenistan Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov added a Turkmen shepherd dog called Alabai to Putin’s growing brood.————————————— FORMER French president François Hollande was given a camel as a thank-you for driving Islamic extremists out of Mali in 2013 but it met an ignominious end after being left in the care of a local family.   GETTYFrançois Hollande was given a camel as a thank-you for driving Islamic extremists out of MaliHollande had initially intended to have the camel vaccinated and transferred to a French zoo. But given “the rigours of the harsh French climate for a desert animal” and the red-tape involved in getting it from Timbuktu to Paris, he had second thoughts. The family entrusted with the camel’s care apparently wasted no time slaughtering the animal and making it into a delicious tagine. While mature camel is almost inedible the flesh from young animals is said to be nice and tender.   GETTYThe family entrusted with the camel’s care slaughtered the animalWhile the camel did not make it to France, many other animals offered as gifts to French presidents have done so, among them an Asian elephant offered to François Mitterrand, two Bengal tigers given to George Pompidou and some bison presented to Valérie Giscard d’Estaing. Most spent a comfortable retirement in Paris zoos.————————————— NO country has exploited the potential of animal envoys more than China, which has a tradition of panda diplomacy that dates back to the 7th-century Tang dynasty when the Empress Wu Zetian presented a pair of the cuddly rarities to the Japanese emperor.    GETTYRichard Nixon toasting with Chinese Prime Minister, Chou En Lai, in 1972But the practice went into overdrive under Chairman Mao and his communist successors. Between 1958 and 1982 China gave 23 pandas to nine different countries. The most famous gift was to Richard Nixon to mark his visit to Beijing in 1972 – the first by a US president to the People’s Republic – which Nixon later dubbed “the week that changed the world”. To mark the historic event Mao presented his American counterpart with two pandas – Ling-Ling and Hsing-Hsing – which were donated to the National Zoo in Washington DC, where they were an instant hit.    GETTYMao presented Nixon with two giant pandas which were donated to the National Zoo in Washington DCMore than 20,000 people visited them on their first day. Nixon reciprocated by sending Mao a pair of Musk oxen, Arctic herbivores with a distinctive shaggy coat. The pulling power of the pandas was not lost on the British prime minister Edward Heath, pictured below, who requested a pair of his own when he visited China in 1974. Chia-Chia and Ching-Ching duly arrived at London Zoo a few weeks later.————————————— WHEN President Saparmurat Niyazov of Turkmenistan visited former PM Sir John Major at Downing Street in 1993 he presented him with a framed photograph of his gift: Maksat, a pure-bred Akhal-Teke stallion, one of the world’s finest breeds.    GETTYJohn Major outside Number 10 with his wife NormaBut it soon became clear that Niyazov did not intend to do any of the heavy lifting involved in transporting the beast the 4,000 miles from Ashgabat to London. The Household Cavalry agreed to take the horse but it was up to Laura Brady, third secretary at the British embassy in Moscow, to arrange delivery. After six months of tortuous negotiations with the authorities in Turkmenistan, the Russian Horse Society and the French horse attaché – Niyazov had also offered a stallion to the then French president Mitterrand – and EU quarantine officials, Maksat set off on the first leg of the journey to the West – a long train ride to Moscow. “It was a pretty distressing journey as you can imagine,” Sir John said later. “The horse began to be pretty ill-tempered.    GETTYPresident Saparmurat Niyazov of Turkmenistan showing one of his horses to Prince Charles“Apart from anything else it had toothache. “And it manifested this by biting people and generally kicking and misbehaving.” The horse and its grooms also survived an attack by bandits as they passed through Kazakhstan and when they entered the Russian capital the country was in the throes of a constitutional crisis. Travelling to the station to greet Maksat, Brady was forced back by a gun battle for control of Moscow’s parliament and when she eventually arrived she found customs officers too busy playing poker to release the horse for his onward journey. Fortunately the grooms – who had no money because Turkmenistan had run out of banknotes the previous year – had organised a carriage-load of enormous yellow melons and these were used to barter for the horse’s freedom. When Maksat finally arrived in the UK he was quickly deemed too temperamental for the Household Cavalry and in desperation the Army called on Lorna Winn-Jones, who ran stables in Carmarthenshire.    GETTYPresident Saparmurat Niyazov of Turkmenistan“Maksat came to me in 1996 a sad, confused and troubled little horse with a few health issues but he blossomed into a powerful and confident stallion who seems happy in his adopted home of Wales,” she said in 2013. The horse went on to win awards including British showjumping and performance champion, was part of the Welsh national endurance team and qualified for the British Dressage Championships.————————————— WHEN President George Bush Senior visited Indonesia in 1990 he was presented with a Komodo dragon called Naga by his hosts. As Komodos are a breed of giant venomous flesh-eating lizards there was no question of Naga taking up residence in the White House and so it was given to Cincinnati Zoo where it sired 32 offspring before dying in 2007. 
