Is Charles planning another boycott of state visit by China's leader?
https://www.express.co.uk//news/royal/580363/Charles-royals-Britain-the-Queen-China
 00:00, Wed, May 27, 2015 
  GETTYPrince Charles is still to visit mainland ChinaCharles, who is an ardent supporter of Tibet's exiled leader the Dalai Lama, has endured a difficult relationship with China's Communist leaders.He boycotted a banquet during a 1999 State Visit to Britain by the country's then president, Jiang Zemin, in protest at his troops' occupation of Tibet. He was also absent the last time a Chinese leader, President Hu Jintao, came on a State Visit in 2005.A Clarence House spokeswoman today said it was unclear whether the Prince would be in Britain during the Chinese leader's State Visit in October or whether he and the Duchess of Cornwall would be able to attend events surrounding the visit. "It's too early to say," she said.In the Queen's Speech in Parliament today, the 89-year-old monarch confirmed the visit.  She also confirmed that she and the Duke of Edinburgh planned to attend the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Malta in November. During their trip, the royal couple will, as is customary, make a State Visit to Malta, where they lived as a young married Naval couple.  GETTYPresident Xi and Madame Peng will visit Britain in October Prince Philip and I look forward to our state visit to Germany next month and to our state visit to Malta in NovemberThe QueenThe Queen said: "Prince Philip and I look forward to our state visit to Germany next month and to our state visit to Malta in November, alongside the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting."We also look forward to welcoming His Excellency the President of the People's Republic of China and Madame Peng on a state visit in October."Charles was flying back from the US when there was a banquet for China's President Hu in 2005 and did not meet him when he returned. He hardly endeared himself to the Communist authorities by describing their ageing leaders as "appalling old waxworks" in a diary, leaked at around the same time in 2005, from his 1997 trip to Hong Kong for the handover of the former British colony to the Chinese. Related articles   Prince Charles poppy wreath now made in China  Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall earn good luck at Chinese New YearBut since then, Charles, who has never visited mainland China, has tried to repair relations. In 2006 he met visiting Chinese business leaders in London and in 2009 he set up his own charity office in China to work closely with Chinese organisations and met President Hu, who was in London for a G20 summit.Earlier this year, he and Camilla visited London's Chinatown to mark the Chinese new year.The Duke of Cambridge personally gave President Xi the Queen's handwritten invitation to visit Britain - known as a manu regia - when he travelled to Beijing in March.President Xi is married to Peng Liyuan a famous contemporary folk singer in her home country whose profile was higher than that of her husband's for many years.They will stay at Buckingham Palace during the visit.
