CHRISTIAN CRACKDOWN: China's horrifying religious oppression ‘most tyrannical’ in 40 years
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/723602/China-Christian-religious-crackdown-most-tyrannical-40-years
 10:01, Sat, Oct 22, 2016 
   Xi Jinping’s Chinese Communist Party have launched a major crackdown on religion in recent weeks in an attempt to oppress religious freedom and exercise control. The despotic regime has banned Christians from praying, singing hymns, removed crosses from buildings and arrested people for attending worship. In a scathing report, charity China Aid noted there has been an increase in persecution.  Related articles   Christians FIGHTBACK as China wages war to DESTROY Christianity   Church pastor tortured and threatened with DEATH  Persecution campaigns made 2016 one of the most tyrannical years since the Cultural RevolutionChina AidThe Chinese Government Persecution of Christians and Churches in China report found there has been a 4.74 increase in persecution in 2016 compared to last year. With the number of abuses cases, unjust arrest and persecuted individuals on the up. The charity said: “Persecution campaigns made 2016 one of the most tyrannical years since the Cultural Revolution.”  AFP/ GETTY2016 has been China's "most tyrannical" in years, according to a new reportEchoing the revolution, which aimed to purge capitalist elements from the communist regime, chairman Jinping has overseen a year of chaos for China’s Christians. The report found China is not only breaching its own laws but also international human rights. The report said: “The cross demolition movement, which began in 2014 as part of a beautification campaign known as Three Rectifications and One Demolition, continued in Zhejiang province during 2016."Although official rhetoric claims the operation intends to address ‘illegal structures,’ it specifically discriminated against Christian churches and imposed strictures on the crosses that adorned the exterior of their buildings. In 2016, the number of crosses demolished surpassed 1,800.  BLOOMBERGXi Jinping’s Chinese Communist Party have launched a major crackdown on religion“In addition to previous restrictions on religious activity, Henan province published a work plan devising to bring 'illegal' Catholic and Protestant churches in line with the Party’s ideologies."According to the official document, the authorities plan to manage church meetings and force the congregations to eradicate all religious symbols and become more socialist.“This campaign echoes the new political trend set out in a proposed revision of the Regulations on Religious Affairs, which was introduced by the State Council earlier this month. “The revision introduces tighter control on peaceful religious activities, such as punishing house church meetings by imprisoning Christians or heavily fining the church leaders, forbidding religious adherents from attending conferences or trainings abroad, and barring minors from receiving religious education.   LIGHTROCKETThere has been a 4.74 increase in persecution in 2016 compared to last year“These measures violate China’s own Constitution, which guarantees religious liberty and condemns discriminating against religious and non-religious citizens and breaches the country’s pledges to adhere to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, and the United Nations’ Convention on the Rights of the Child.”Christians have also been placed under surveillance, house churches disbanded and there have been reports of torture taking place in prison. As previously reported by Express.co.uk pastor Yang Hua’s lawyers say he has been repeatedly tortured in prison with proseection lawyers threatening to kill him.   GETTYXi Jinping’s Chinese Communist Party launched a new set of rules this month  AFPThe despotic regime has banned Christians from praying and singing hymnsChina Aid says international governments must now hold the regime to account and have presented the report to the European Parliament. The report said: “China continuously violates its own laws and international statutes safeguarding religious freedom in favor of promoting a socialist agenda, forcing religious devotees to choose between certain persecution and disregarding their deeply-held beliefs."Additionally, it prosecutes lawyers who attempt to defend the rights of religious practitioners, completely disregarding the rule of law. International governments must persuade China to free those it unjustly holds behind bars.”
