Is ghost of Mao finally dead? China’s new economic plan reads like western manisfesto
https://www.express.co.uk//finance/city/895192/China-Xi-Jinping-Mao-economic-plan-three-years
 13:54, Thu, Dec 21, 2017 
  GETTYChinese president Xi Jinping has outlined his three-year-plan to change Chinese economyThe Chinese premiere says he wants the country to follow a “high quality” growth model with a more intense focus on fairness, the environment and a joyful life. Usually a one-year-plan is drafted, however, a three-year plan has been constructed this time round. The policies detailed in the plan deal with a wide range of issues the country faces.Too much homework for children, difficulties getting an appointment to see a doctor, the nursing shortage and online scams, are officially at the top of the agenda. Ding Shuang, chief Greater China economist at Standard Chartered Bank in Hong Kong said: “Unlike his predecessors, Xi is willing to compromise and more determined to push forward this work by tolerating slower GDP growth.” Related articles   Deadly PIG virus could bring down China economy sparking GLOBAL crisis  The SECRET World War 3 threat? China's TOP SECRET nuclear threatThe meeting did not reveal the quantitative GDP growth target for the $12trillion economy.China has transformed at a quick rate over the past decades to become the world’s second largest economy.However, in order to do this it has ignored environmental costs.The promise to change the development model has been made before by previous leaders but to no avail.   GETTYCan Xi Jinping out perform Chairman MaoXi may prove to be different after being compared to Mao Zedong and solidifying his position at the Communist Party congress in October.His aim is to build a “comprehensive well-off society” by 2020. The top priorities during the next three-years will be to improve air quality, alleviating poverty and curbing financial risk. China is in desperate need of financial reform as 43million people live in absolute poverty in mainland China. China’s Gini coefficient, a gauge of income inequality was 0.465 last year. This was one of the highest in the world. Zhao Xijun, a finance professor at Renmin University, said that the president: “broadened the concept of the economy from just investment, exports and consumption to a comprehensive range of issues which could affect the economy implicitly.“At the heart of his idea is having people benefit from economic development.”China is facing more challenges from an increasingly prickly US. Still, the meeting did not address Donald Trump or the US. 
