Emmanuel Macron’s bizarre gift to China branded an ‘unprecedented diplomatic gesture’
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/901915/Emmanuel-Macron-s-China-horse-gift-unprecedented-diplomatic-gesture-Beijing
 00:01, Mon, Jan 8, 2018 
  GETTY/REUTERSEmmanuel Macron touched down for a three-day tour of China alongside his wife BrigitteThe strange present, given as the French president touched down for a three-day tour of China, comes after Mr Macron’s wife Brigitte was asked to be the godmother of a Chinese panda lent by Beijing to Paris’ Beauval Zoo.Mr Macron, who is acutely aware of the need for diplomacy when it comes to forging international relations, gifted Mr Xi Jinping an eight-year-old brown gelding of the elite French Republican Guard.The 40-year-old centrist chose Vesuvius from the presidential cavalry corps as his gift after finding out that Mr Xi had been fascinated by the 104 horsemen who escorted him during his last official trip to Paris in 2014.The thoughtful gift is an “unprecedented diplomatic gesture”, Mr Macron’s office said, adding this was the first time that a French president had offered one of the Republican Guard’s horses. Related articles   ‘Silk Road cannot be ONE WAY’ France's Macron issues trade warning ...   White House says Trump and Macron ‘agree’ protests are regime’s fault   GETTYEmmanuel and Brigitte Macron met Chinese President Xi Jinping, and wife Peng Liyuan The future needs France, Europe and China. We are the memory of the world. But we must now become its futureEmmanuel MacronAn Elysée official said: “It mattered a lot for the president, even if it was very complicated to import a horse for sanitary reasons. It’s a symbol of French excellence.”The gift is also a response to China’s ‘panda diplomacy’.Mr Macron later called on France, the European Union and China to coordinate their efforts to combat climate change during a speech on the future of Franco-Chinese relations.He said: “Our destinies are bound together.  GETTYMacron spoke with Xi Jinping at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing“The future needs France, Europe and China. We are the memory of the world. But we must now become its future.”Mr Macron also said he would talk to Mr Xi about the need to “relaunch the climate battle” by preparing to increase their efforts to combat climate change at the COP 24 talks in Poland later this year.The French centrist also hailed China – the world’s biggest carbon polluter – for saving the Paris climate agreement which “would not have survived” the US’ decision to withdraw without China’s unwavering support.He said: “China kept its word. You have demonstrated your awareness of climate change and immense sense of responsibility. Who would have thought several years ago that China would become a climate change leader?     “This cooperation will show the world that the French and the Chinese are capable of making our planet great and beautiful again. France is undergoing deep transformation, and with it, it is Europe which is back to build a balanced alliance with China.”Mr Macron also called on his European counterparts to back Mr Xi’s trillion-dollar Silk Road project, an initiative to connect Asia and Europe by road, rail and sea many have been reluctant to join. He also promised to come back to China “at least once a year,” saying that it was a prerequisite if Sino-French relations were to “enter into a new era”.
