Chinese ‘tried to smuggle spy aboard the Queen’s carriage’
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/669804/Chinese-tried-smuggle-spy-aboard-Queen-s-carriage
 20:25, Thu, May 12, 2016 
  AFP/ GETTYThe 'spy' was said to be posing as an interpreter and tried to hop on the Queen's carriageThe incident first came to light when diplomatic protection officers intercepted a man during President Xi Jinping’s stay in Britain. The undercover agent was said to be posing as an interpreter and tried to hop on as the Queen and president travelled along The Mall to Buckingham Palace. The incident came to light as film emerged of police commander Lucy D’Orsi, who was in charge of security for the state visit in October, speaking to the monarch at a garden party.  Related articles   Chinese SPY tried to get into Queen's royal carriage during state...   Watch: Queen caught making bad remarks about the Chinese president The footage shows Commander D’Orsi saying: “Well they also wanted to come in your carriage with the interpreter...” When the attempt was thwarted it sparked a furious diplomatic exchange with one source saying: “The bodyguard, or spy, attempted to get in the carriage and was prevented when it was ascertained by our security officials that he was actually a security official rather than the official translator. “In other words, they were trying to get someone dodgy into the carriage alongside the president and the Queen.”    It later emerged a stand-off also took place with royal protection officers bundled to one side by Chinese police. Commander D’Orsi was invited to the Buckingham Palace garden party with her mother and was among a small group of guests introduced to the Queen. The fallout from the embarrassing episode has made Downing Street officials squirm as they were desperate for President Xi Jinping’s visit to go smoothly.   GETTYChina insisted President Xi's visit to the UK was a successA Buckingham Palace spokesman said it would not comment on matters of security.China insisted the visit was a success. A spokesman said: “Both sides have made great efforts for the success of the visit.”
