World War 3 FEARS: China's 'TERRIBLE' weapon that could 'completely SILENCE' US in seconds
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1069643/world-war-3-china-us-weapon-military-spt
 16:33, Wed, Jan 9, 2019 
   Relations between China and the US have been tense over the last decade, as both countries attempt to become the global superpower. Xi Jinping and Donald Trump regularly flex their military and economic muscles in a show of force to each other. However, China possesses one terrifying weapon, which has never been used before, but could leave US warships completely futile. Related articles   World War 3 fears rise as US Navy SHOWS OFF hypervelocity projectiles   US Navy's South China Sea manoeuvres 'risk sparking CONFLICT’ Amazon Prime’s “China vs USA: Empires at War” series revealed how the East Asian country could use an electromagnetic pulse to shut down US communications.The 2015 documentary revealed: “There exists a terrible weapon [in China], a weapon the US and France have already mastered.”Larry Wortzel, chairman of the US-China Security Review Commission, detailed its capabilities.He said: “The Chinese have followed very closely the American’s dependence on the use of communications and networking among satellites and ships.   A EMP would be created following a nuclear blast (Image: GETTY)  US warships would be completely cut-off from communication (Image: GETTY) There exists a terrible weapon in chinaChina vs USA: Empires at War"They saw the reliance during previous wars and realised how dependent we are on moving communications. "An electromagnetic pulse, which is produced by detonating a nuclear weapon, would fry transceivers and stops communication.”An electromagnetic pulse weapon uses a nuclear explosion to generate an electromagnetic wave. When this wave hits boats or planes, it instantly destroys all electronic equipment. No one would die, provided they are far enough away from the explosion.   Satellites are imperative for the US military (Image: GETTY)However, American battleships, which are totally dependent on electronics, would immediately be disabled. The US also relies on satellites to position its warships around the world. It was revealed yesterday China holds a giant laser in its arsenal too, ready to blind any artificial object in space.The military strategist for the People’s Liberation Army revealed Donald Trump’s biggest asset may also be his biggest weakness.  The Chinese government can also blind satellites (Image: GETTY)Wan Xiangsui said: "Satellites are an American strong point but they can also be a weak point. “The US relies on satellites to control their entire communications network and that is a weakness. “This dependance reminds me of the Greek legend Achilles who was invulnerable, except his heel. “And satellites will be America’s Achilles heel.”
