Chinese companies invest £265 MILLION into Manchester City Football Club
https://www.express.co.uk//finance/city/623411/Chinese-companies-invest-265-million-Manchester-City-Football-Club
 14:30, Tue, Dec 1, 2015 
  GettyChinese companies have invested heavily into Manchester CityThe businesses have invested $400 to take a 13 per cent share in the City Football Group (CFG), in a deal announced today.The multi million pound investment comes following the President of China’s, Xi Jinping, visit to Manchester last month. Related articles   Britain's economy to keep growing at a "robust pace"   China to LAUNCH WAR on ISIS? President Xi vows to BATTLE jihadis...  We see unprecedented growth opportunities in both its development as an industry, being China's most watched sportRuigang LiThe Chinese president toured City’s Etihad Stadium on his Manchester tour and was introduced to all of the club’s top dogs. The club is popular in Asia and money from the investment will be used by City Football Group to further its expansion in China.   GettyPresident Xi Jinping visited Manchester City during a trip to the UK in OctoberCFG chairman, Khaldoon Al Mubarak said: "Football is the most loved, played and watched sport in the world and in China, the exponential growth pathway for the game is both unique and hugely exciting."We have therefore worked hard to find the right partners and to create the right deal structure to leverage the incredible potential that exists in China, both for CFG and for football at large.”   GettyManchester City has received serious investmentThe consortium of businesses is being led by the leading Chinese media, entertainment, sports and internet company CMC (China Media Capital) Holdings.CMC chairman Ruigang Li said: "Football is now at a fascinating and critical stage of development in China."We see unprecedented growth opportunities in both its development as an industry, being China's most watched sport, and its inspirational role bringing people of all ages together with a shared passion.   Prime Minister David Cameron and Premier Mr Xi Jinping revealed a new direct flight from Manchester to Beijing during his October visit. The northern city could also secure a direct flight to China’s biggest city, Shanghai as trade links grow with China. Manchester City Council's chief executive Sir Howard Bernstein said China's investment community was waking up to the region’s potential.   GettyBritain and China made many deals during Xi Jingping's trip to the UK
