EU's a criminal failure says Nick Ferrari
https://www.express.co.uk//comment/columnists/nick-ferrari/614468/Nick-Ferrari-rapist-Zdenko-Turtak
 11:43, Sun, Oct 25, 2015 
  PA•ROSS PARRY Rapist Zdenko Turtak came to Britain illegally A Euro-wide data bank that would allow member nations to instantly access the possible criminal background of anyone seeking to enter the country and therefore the ability to bolt the door firmly in their face would seem sure to appeal.Incredibly however, while the European overlords are happy to issue diktats on everything from the type of lightbulbs you can use, the power of your vacuum cleaner and the height of your light switches in a newly built extension they have done nothing about creating such a valuable crime fighting tool.That’s right; rien, niente, nada. This was highlighted in hideously graphic detail last week with the conviction of Zdenko Turtak, a repeat offender burglar who had been convicted in his native Slovakia and allowed to enter Britain without any check or hindrance as there was no EU-wide database.Turtak, 22, followed three different women around Leeds city centre before pouncing on a tiny and defenceless 18-year-old Muslim girl who had the build of a 12-year-old. He beat his victim around the head with a rock 18 times before brutally raping her. The attack lasted eight minutes.That might not seem much but why don’t you look at your watch or clock now and count down the minutes. It will give you a sense of what this poor teenager endured. No rape is anything but brutal, I know. But this, Leeds Crown Court was told, was particularly savage.Indeed doctors believe the victim, who is still traumatised and will bear the effects for life, only survived as she was wearing the Muslim headscarf and this helped in part to staunch the fl ow of blood. The point is Tartak, who was jailed for 14 years and given a further six years under licence, should never have been in the country in the first place and as a result of his imprisonment British police have repeated their demands for tougher controls over foreign criminals and a fully functioning and regularly updated data centre. Related articles   Don’t cry for dead terrorists, argues NICK FERRARI   Rapist jailed for brutal attack where he assaulted woman waiting... This plea was eloquently put by Detective Superintendent Nick Wallen who told reporters outside the court: “People who are coming into this country like Zdenko Turtak, we don’t know who he is, where he is from, we don’t know anything about him.”Vile Turtak is not an isolated case and Slovakia not the only country exporting vicious criminals to the UK. Schoolgirl Alice Gross was just 14 when Latvian Arnis Zalkans pounced on her, assaulted her and then crushed her to death. He then tied his victim’s naked body in a foetal position, wrapped it in a bin bag and weighed it down with a bicycle wheel with bricks tied to it. Sick Zalkans had form.He arrived legally in the UK in 2007 after being released from jail in Latvia despite having a criminal record. His, by the way, was no minor crime. He had murdered his wife but authorities knew nothing of even this level of vicious crime so he was allowed in immediately.This tragic legacy of a lack of shared information and rigour would be enough to make anyone weep. Then, when you recall the insanity spouted by the normally highly sensible top cop Sir Hugh Orde earlier this month, when he became one of the front men for the Stronger In Europe campaign, it becomes even more infuriating.Sir Hugh, who once led the Association of Chief Police Officers, said a Brexit would endanger the safety of British citizens and make the country a potential haven for criminals as there would be a drastic lack of Euro-wide coordination in the fight against crime.REALLY? Try telling that to the families of these two unfortunate souls, and those of others who have been killed, raped, assaulted or beaten by other imported European criminals. If Europe concentrated more on security and less on hiding its accounts and expansion, perhaps the whole dodgy institution would not be in such fear of us all having a vote on its existence.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------  GETTYChina's president Xi Jinping with Prince William WHAT have we learnt from the state visit and red carpet rolled out for Chinese President Xi Jinping? Well, that we’re happy to shake the hand of anyone in pursuit of a deal, that Prince Charles is more wily than all of our politicians and that Jeremy Corbyn can scrub up if he needs to.You have to admire how Charles – who, as a longtime ally of the Dalai Lama, was going to find any overt support for the Chinese leader tricky – managed to finesse missing the state banquet but holding a meeting that kept everyone happy.It would also be wholly unfair to embark on a Chinese takeaway now and criticise the Government for the remarkable welcome afforded to President Xi.Commerce has its own dynamics and even morals and they have to be respected. However, as the Chinese are the global leaders in cyber-crime and the US report they are rebuffing hundreds of attempted Chinese “hacks” each week, is it wrong to wonder why we’re going to let them build our next nuclear power stations?---------------------------------------------------------------------------------  GETTY Home secretary Theresa May WHO, do you suppose, knows more about the value of the stop and search police tactic between a seasoned senior copper and a lifelong career politician who enjoys 24-hour protection? Yup, me too.So unless Theresa May wants to put on a stab vest and patrol the mean streets of London may I suggest she listens rather than lectures.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------IF A father of four children – all under the age of eight – were to appear in court before you who was an active supporter of Islamic fundamentalism, had links with an IS fighter killed by a drone strike and who, with his wife, had tried to take his entire family to join up with the jihadists in Syria, what future would you have considered for those poor, vulnerable children?If the answer is you’d want the children taken into care and you’d confiscate his passport, that means you can never be a judge in the family court. Actually not any old judge!Rather, the most senior family court judge in England and Wales, Sir James Munby ruled last week that Asif Malik, 31, and wife Sara Kiran, 29, posed no threat to their children’s welfare despite thinking a family trip to the barbaric IS murderers in Aleppo was a fun family day out.Malik and his equally deluded missus get to keep their kids and their passports. Here’s hoping they immediately move in next door to this deluded judge.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------  PA Conservative MP Heidi AllenIT’S one thing for the Opposition to speak out about the Government’s policy on tax credits. It’s entirely something else when they are joined by London Mayor Boris Johnson, his hopeful replacement Zac Goldsmith, former chief whip Andrew Mitchell and the extraordinarily brave Conservative MP Heidi Allen who chose to devote her Commons’ maiden speech to knocking her bosses’ policy.Expect a carefully nuanced U-turn this side of Christmas.
