Chinese dragon in for a bumpy flight
https://www.express.co.uk//comment/columnists/frederick-forsyth/389489/Chinese-dragon-in-for-a-bumpy-flight
 00:01, Fri, Apr 5, 2013 
  Mr Xi may be beaming now but he faces stupendous problemsNo surprises and just one dissenter. A real one, now sweeping the streets in Tibet, or a formality to avoid 100 per cent support?Anyway, Mr Xi Jinping is there for the next 10 years.As the handshakes and bows went on one word kept going through my head. The word was: “Gorbachev”. The Prince of Wales once referred to the predecessors as a group of “appalling old waxworks” which was not diplomatic but pretty accurate. Mr Xi is hailed as a breath of fresh air, a man of the people, approachable, smiling, attractive wife in the form of a pop singer, a complete break with the past.So Mikhail Gorbachev, preceded by the ghastly old dotards of Brezhnev, Andropov and Chernenko, smiled, beamed and shook hands.Margaret Thatcher had dubbed him “a man we could do business with”.Detente was in the air. It was later presumed he was never really a communist. Nothing of the sort.Swiftly nicknamed “Gorby” (I don’t think you can get much shorter than Xi) he was a dedicated communist economic reformer and if he was more open with the people they would respond with renewed enthusiasm. It didn’t work. Opening up the economy caused it to collapse. Bent managers and bureaucrats sold off the family jewels of the economy to rogues and mafiosi, which is where the tidal wave of Russian billionaires comes from.Behind the yachts and palaces they have the mercantile integrity of the spivs of London’s East End, circa 1945. Perestroika (restructuring) was communism’s death knell.Mr Xi gives us an aura that repeats the name Mikhail Gorbachev Mr Xi is hailed as a breath of fresh air, a man of the people, approachable, smiling, attractive wife in the form of a pop singer, a complete break with the pastThe other policy “glasnost” (openness) presumed if you let the people criticise, they wouldn’t do that. Quite right. They rioted instead.In the seven satellites it was worse. The Poles formed Solidarity and the East Germans knocked the wall down. The whole house of cards collapsed, leaving the West’s army of fellow travellers looking like complete fools, which they were and had been for years. I do not think anything like that will happen in China but change is simply unavoidable.Unlike the Soviet Union China is rich as Croesus, with huge positive trade balances and churning out manufactured goods, slowly rising in quality.How can even the Chinese Communist Party keep an iron grip on all that, with the disputative, ambitious young generation showing less and less respect? And Mr Xi has a problem Gorby did not have: the internet. More than banners and marches this is the instrument that destroys the secrecy on which all dictatorships rely. Everyone has a mobile, which is also a camera. Every embarrassing image promptly “goes viral” so everyone can see everything.Mr Xi may be beaming now but he faces stupendous problems. The air in the 50 mushrooming industrial cities is unbreathable, the pollution lethal. Close down the filth churning factories? Can’t do that.The half-a-trillion peasants are streaming towards the cities. Force them back to the paddy fields at bayonet point? Can’t do that.As the stewardess said in that old film: “Fasten your seat belts. It’s going to be a bumpy ride.”
