World War 3 fears: China warns US of 'DISASTER' amid 'HIGH CHANCE' of warship collision
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1043515/World-War-3-China-US-South-China-Sea-military-confrontation
 13:10, Sat, Nov 10, 2018 
   China's Defense Minister Wei Fenghe has issued a stern rebuke of the US and warned that an accidental clash between the two countries could erupt in a global war. The shock warning came in the middle of a press conference with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis. This comes just a day after the Chinese unveiled newly developed high-tech weapons, including supersonic missiles and stealth drones. Related articles   CHRISTIANITY CRACKDOWN: Police arrest 20 worshippers   World War 3 alert: US and China in high-level military meeting TODAY. At the press conference, held in Washington DC, top US officials urged their Chinese counterparts to halt militarization of the disputed South China Sea.In response, China fired off a fierce rebuke, bluntly telling the US to stop sending ships and military aircraft close to islands claimed by Beijing.Chinese Politburo member Yang Jiechi said Beijing had the right to build "necessary defense facilities".Mr Wei added to this, by warning that a confrontation between the two powers would "will spell disaster to all".     China warned that an accidental clash between the two countries could erupt in a global war (Image: GETTY) A confrontation would spell a disaster to allWei FengheThe meeting was planned to prepare for the highly-anticipated meeting between President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping at the G20 summit in Argentina iat the end of the month.Tensions between the two countries has been rising in recent weeks, over a trade war and control over the South China Sea.In late September, the USS Decatur and a Chinese destroyer nearly collided near a disputed reef - raising the prospect of an accidental confrontation.The US Navy called the incident an “unsafe and unprofessional maneuver".   Richard Haass, who presides over the Council of Foreign Relations in the US, said: "The chance of an incident, which we already nearly had, remains very high. "China has been militarising despite their pledge not to. This is a ticking time bomb."The US has since pushed back, insisting it will continue to “fly, sail and operate wherever international law allows.” The talks had initially been planned to be held in Beijing last month but were postponed after WashingtonIn other news this week, China announced that it is grooming 31 of its smartest teenagers to develop AI-powered weapons.The high school graduates will study at the Beijing Institute of Technology to develop AI weapons - which can select, engage and eliminate human targets without the involvement of humans.
