China warns Trump of possible 2008-style economic COLLAPSE if trade war continues
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1051347/world-war-3-china-warn-donald-trump-economy-collapse-trade-war
 06:04, Wed, Nov 28, 2018 
   Cui Tiankai spoke earlier this week about the continuing trade war between Washington and Beijing and how it could lead to significant fragmentation in the global economy. He also discussed the plans to continue negotiations between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping at the G-20 summit in Argentina at the end of the month. Mr Tiankai also said people should not be fooled by the current positive state of the US economy. Related articles   Donald Trump announces hope for OWN TV STATION   'DIRE CONSEQUENCES' Trump poised for China trade war showdown at G20 He told the Wall Street Journal: “The problem is that if things go on like this, there’s a real risk the global market might become fragmented.”The ambassador pointed out the international economy has become more globalised in the last few decades and the US’s trade tensions with China could lead to massive repercussions worldwide.Mr Tiankai said: “Although the current economic situation in the US is good, people cannot rule out the possibility of another — I don’t want to use the word ‘crisis’ — a similar situation as what happened 10 years ago.”He added he does not believe that “under the current circumstances” he did not force many countries being interested in coordinating “stimulus actions” like in 2008.READ MORE: 'DIRE CONSEQUENCES' Trump poised for China trade war showdown at G20  The US-China trade war continues to escalate (Image: GETTY)  Cui Tiankai warned of possible economic collapse if the trade war continues (Image: GETTY)He said: “We are the two largest economies in the world, so whatever happens in our economic cooperation will have an impact globally.“This is just a fact, this is reality.“We have to be fully aware of our shared responsibility to the global economy.”Tensions between Washington and Beijing have skyrocketed since the summer after Trump announced the US would be imposing an extra $50billion (£39billion) in tariffs on Chinese products. Related articles   Trade war: SHOWDOWN between US and China at G20 as tensions ESCALAT...   World War 3 WARNING: Fears as China develops £7BN system to rival U...   China and the US continues to add tariffs on each other's goods (Image: GETTY)The President argued China had previously been trading the US “unfairly”.This action resulted in Beijing matching the US’ by imposing tariffs on US goods with additional levies as well.Trump then added another $200billion (£156billion) and China issuing another $60billion (£47billion).Trump spoke with the Wall Street Journal in a separate interview and suggested that he had no intentions to change or lessen his demands. Related articles   China’s AI REVOLUTION: Intelligent robots to power factories - risk...   China hails defeat of Taiwan’s pro-independence ruling party   Trump said that he will not back down (Image: GETTY)He said: “The only deal that would be really acceptable to me...would be China has to open up their country to competition from the United States.“They have to open up China to the United States. Otherwise, I don’t see a deal being made.”US Vice President Mike Pence make similar comments earlier this month when he said: “They know what our administration’s position is. They know what the president’s position is.”
