David Cameron: PM urged to step in as 1,200 steel jobs cut
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/613447/David-Cameron-British-steel-tata-Scotland-job-losses-urged-take-action-China
 21:08, Tue, Oct 20, 2015 
  GETTY/PACameron is under pressure to respond to the loss of more than a thousand job lossesUK ministers and the European Union were urged to do more against China’s “dumping” of cheap state-subsidised steel on the European market.David Cameron has promised to raise the issue with Chinese President Xi Jinping during his state visit to Britain this week. Talks are starting today but the Prime Minister is not expected to lay out forceful demands or ultimatums, however.   GETTYIndian-owned Tata steel announced more than 1,200 redundancies yesterdayIndian-owned Tata Steel yesterday announced that it will cut 1,170 UK jobs, subject to a 90-day consultation.  The Prime Minister needs to show that he wants a steel industry in the UKPaul McBean, steelworkers’ unionPaul McBean, of steelworkers’ union Community, said: “The Prime Minister needs to show that he wants a steel industry in the UK. We need a sign that we’ve got a future. All we want is a level playing field to compete on.” About 900 of 4,000 Tata jobs at Scunthorpe will go, while some 270 workers face redundancy in Lanarkshire, where mothballing plate mills at Dalzell and Clydebridge will effectively end 143 years of Scottish steelmaking. Tata blamed a “flood” of cheap imports, mainly from China, along with high electricity prices and a strong pound.   PAThe Tata steel plant in Scunthorpe announced 900 of their 4000 jobs would be lost  GETTYUnion workers are hoping Cameron's talks with Chinese president Xi Jinping will help the industryThe firm’s European chief Karl Koehler said: “The UK steel industry is struggling for survival in the face of extremely challenging market conditions. We need a fairer system to encourage growth. The European Commission needs to do more to deal with unfairly traded imports. Inaction threatens the future of the entire European steel industry.” Tata executive Bimlendra Jha said: “It is a fight very clearly for the future of the manufacturing industry in Britain.”   
