'It's a dead end' Trump warns North Korea to STOP nuclear missile mission
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/874885/Donald-Trump-Asia-tour-Kim-Jong-Un-stop-nuclear-missiles-dead-end-World-War-3
 22:15, Thu, Nov 2, 2017 
  GettyDonald Trump will warn Kim Jong Un to stop nuclear missile tests The President is due to embark on a five-nation Asia tour on Friday and will make his first stop in Hawaii, en route to Asia where he will visit Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines.He will urge countries with the most influence over Pyongyang to "convince its leaders that the pursuit of nuclear weapons is a dead end" and that the state must denuclearise.Mr Trump will also tell leaders in Asia that the world is "running out of time" to stop North Korea's nuclear crisis and that the United States is prepared to defend itself if needed.White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster told reporters at a briefing: “The president recognises that we're running out of time (to deal with North Korea) and will ask all nations to do more.”  Related articles   Donald Trump's Asia tour: President warned US safety depends on China   McMaster: US to use 'ALL CAPABILITIES' against North Korea aggression He said: “He will remind friend and foe alike that the United States stands ready to defend itself and our allies using the full range of our capabilities.” It will be the longest Asia tour by an American president in more than 25 years.Mr Trump's most critical stop will be in China, where he will ask Chinese President Xi Jinping to do more to rein in North Korea. Senior US officials say China considers North Korea a strategic asset and is reluctant to cut off resources to Pyongyang for fear of triggering a refugee wave.  GettyH.R. McMaster told reporters at a briefing: “The president recognizes that we're running out of timeMr McMaster said Mr Trump, who has approved a variety of sanctions against North Korea while pressing China to do more, is at the beginning of his drive for Pyongyang to give up nuclear weapons. The President has warned he would "totally destroy" North Korea if it threatened the United States.Mr McMaster said: ”I think we have to be a little patient here for at least a few months to see what more we and others can do, including China.”   GettyMr Trump's most critical stop will be in China, where he will meet Chinese President Xi Jinping"I don't think we need to reassess our strategy now. I think we have to give it a couple of months, a few months, and then see what adjustments we might need to make."Mr Trump is expected to press Xi to reduce oil exports to North Korea to China, coal imports from Pyongyang and limit financial transactions. The Chinese leader is newly ascendant after consolidating power at a Communist Party congress.
