USA vs China TRADE WAR: China call for ‘people’s WAR’ as Wall Street sees BIGGEST sell off
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1127059/USA-vs-China-trade-war-Donald-Trump-China-Wall-Street
 16:21, Tue, May 14, 2019 
    var brightcoveBrandsafety='' Chinese premier Xi Jinping has imposed a retaliatory round of tariffs on US trade. China said on Monday it would increase tariffs on some $60 billion worth of US goods. This is following Donald Trump’s own tariff hike from 10 percent to 25 percent on Chinese imports. What was supposed to be a temporary scuffle between the US and China now has no end in sight. Related articles   China trade war: How trade war could weaken GLOBAL economy?   US v China: How trade war between Trump and Xi got PERSONAL President Xi Jinping of China is not backing down to Donald Trump, insisting the country will not be harmed by his efforts.The country’s government-controlled media launched a series of on-air and written editorials to comfort the Chinese public.Communist Party mouthpiece the People’s Daily was among those carrying the editorial which said China was fighting to retain its rights.An editorial from Chinese state media laid the blame squarely on President Trump.  USA vs China trade war: Wall Street sees biggest sell off as tensions with China rise (Image: GETTY)The editorial reads: ”The trade war in the United States is the creation of one person and his administration who have swept along the entire population of the country.“Whereas the entire country and all the people of China are being threatened.“For us, this is a real ‘people’s war,’”.The People’s Daily also launched a new graphic to their official WeChat account.  President Xi Jinping is staying adamant against Mr Trump (Image: GETTY) Related articles   Pound US dollar exchange rate: GBP drifts lower against USD   Dow Jones stock price: Will the Dow Jones rebound TODAY? The graphic, simply captioned “This, is China’s attitude!” showed three slogans printed in gold over the Chinese flag which gradually fades into a picture of shipping containers.According to a CNBC translation, the captions read:“Negotiate, sure!”“Fight, anytime!”“Bully us, wishful thinking!”  Wall Street is suffering most in the China trade war (Image: GETTY)Attitudes in the US are edged with insecurity, as major organisations anticipate major losses.Shares of Apple, which relies on China as a major market for its device sales, fell by 8 percent.US farming interests also took a hit, with prices dropping for both soybeans and copper as heavy tariffs cause private organisations to take investment away from US supplies.Boeing also dropped by 4.9 percent, closely followed by Wynn Resorts which dropped 6.2 percent of its share price due to its reliance on sales in Macau which cater to gamblers from mainland China.Chinese multinational company Huawei has found itself caught in the middle of the raging trade war.According to Sky Asia correspondent Tom Cheshire, the company’s future is now determined by the outcome of the geopolitical brinkmanship.The telecommunications company is now effectively banned from the US market, and added to a federal “entity list”.This prevents American companies selling technology to Huawei, potentially a disaster since it relies on American tech to develop its largely homegrown 5G network.
