United States’ fury at China over trade war: ‘They don’t respond – NOTHING!’
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1035235/donald-trump-trade-war-china-us-tariffs
 11:13, Tue, Oct 23, 2018 
  US President Donald Trump reportedly wants to "make China suffer" (Image: GETTY) I’ve never seen anything like itNational Economic Council Director Larry KudlowThe two countries have been exchanging tit-for-tat trade tariffs ever since Mr Trump announced levies of 25 percent and 10 percent on imports of steel and aluminium earlier this year.National Economic Council Director Mr Kudlow said the situation remained gridlock – with Beijing apparently reluctant to discuss possible solutions.He said: "We gave them a detailed list of asks, regarding technology for example, which basically hasn’t changed for five or six months.“The problem with the story is that they don’t respond. Nothing. Nada.”Speaking to the Financial Times, he suggested the situation was unprecedented. He said: "It’s really the president and the Chinese Communist party, they have to make a decision, and so far they have not, or they have made a decision not to do anything, nothing. Related articles   US Trade War: World Trade Organization called in to investigate   China stock market closes on BIGGEST surge in almost THREE YEARS    World War 3 WARNING: US warships head through Taiwan Strait - China... “I’ve never seen anything like it."Mr Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping are scheduled to meet at the G20 summit of global leaders in Argentina next month.However, trade talks have been on ice since late September, at which point the two countries implemented another round of tariffs on each other’s imports.So far in 2018, the US has imposed tariffs on $250billion of Chinese goods – nearly half its imports.  Larry Kudlow has said China has failed to respond (Image: GETTY)China has respond with tariffs of its own on US goods worth $110billion.In May, US and Chinese negotiators issued various demands during talks in Beijing, with the US calling for a reduction in the country’s trade deficit with China as well abandonment of subsidies and government support to industries included in its Made in China 2025 industrial policy program.China’s demands include the US to scrapping a ban on exports to China of integrated circuits, and giving Chinese companies equal treatment in national security reviews.The Axios website reported Mr Trump has no intention of easing his tariffs on China, with one source saying: “He wants them to suffer more.” Related articles   China's economy is getting BATTERED - and it will affect US stocks   China economy SLOWS to WEAKEST since GLOBAL CRASH   Xi Jinping, pictured with Donald Trump in Beijng. The two will met again next month (Image: GETTY)Another suggested his meeting with Mr Jinping would do little to solve the problem, explaining: "Trump is thinking about this meeting as a personal reconnection with President Xi, not a meeting that's going to evolve into detailed discussion."The sides are very far apart. Right now, there's not the common basis for proceeding."Mr Trump has previously boasted that trade wars are “good” and “easy to win”.However, last month Jack Ma, China’s richest man, warned the economic dispute could last 20 years.   The founder of the Alibaba multinational conglomerate said: “Short term, business communities in China, US, Europe will all be in trouble.“This thing will last long, it’s going to be a mess.”Claiming the dispute would last not 20 months or 20 days but “maybe 20 years”, he added: “If you want a short-term solution, there is no solution.”The Shanghai Stock Exchange Composite Index fell last week to its lowest level in four years as trade tensions and concerns about an economic slowdown took their toll.
