Trump SHOWDOWN with Xi Jinping as pair go head to head in US-China trade WAR
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1053051/US-china-trade-war-donald-trump-news-g20-summit-world-war-3
 00:01, Sun, Dec 2, 2018 
   President Trump told President Xi he hoped they would achieve “something great” on trade for both countries as they worked to defuse their trade war. They sat down with their aides for a working dinner at the end of the two-day gathering of world leaders in Buenos Aires. The closely watched meeting came after the leaders from 20 industrialised nations backed an overhaul of the World Trade Organisation, a huge victory for Trump. Related articles   Saudi Prince brings TROOPS and WEAPONS to Riyadh to prevent ROYAL C...   Killer high-five: Putin and Saudi Prince share 'DISTURBING' high-five Despite earlier threats to impose yet more tariffs on Chinese imports, Trump’s language was friendly and positive.He said: “We’ll be discussing trade and I think at some point we are going to end up doing something great for China and great for the United States.”President Xi told his US counterpart that only through cooperation could the US and China serve the interests of peace and prosperity.Mr Trump said earlier in the day: "We will be meeting with President Xi tonight...and we'll be talking about a thing called trade and probably other things but primarily trade. It's a very important meeting."  US-China trade war: Donald Trump is set to meet Xi Jinping after the G20 summit (Image: GETTY/AFP )Trump also said he would work to straighten out the trade imbalance in talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.Speaking alongside Mr Trump at a joint news conference, Mrs Merkel said the two would address issues related to trade and the World Trade Organization, and discuss Ukraine, Syria, and the INF nuclear weapons pact with Russia.It comes after China condemned protectionism during the G20 summit along with several other developing global economies. Chinese President Xi Jinping and other leaders from the BRICS group of leading emerging economies, Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa, all called for an opening of international trade and a strengthening of the World Trade Organisation (WTO). Related articles   Trump U-TURN as US President meets Putin on sidelines of G20 Summit  Defiant May reveals Brexit trade deals IN SIGHT after G20 as she vo...  German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Chinese President Xi Jinping and US President Donald Trump (Image: GETTY)In a statement, they said: "The spirit and rules of the WTO run counter to unilateral and protectionist measures."We call on all members to oppose such WTO-inconsistent measures, stand by their commitments undertaken in the WTO."Speaking ahead of the meeting, Mr Trump said he had an "incredible relationship" with President Xi Jinping.He said: "The relationship is very special."The relationship that I have with President Xi, I think that's going to be a very primary reason we'll probably ending up getting something good for China and good for the United States, so we very much appreciate it."   Donald Trump and Xi Jinping (Image: GETTY)Mr Trump said he also plans to ask Xi about synthetic opioid fentanyl being sent from China to the United States being added to a "restricted category" of drugs.Before sitting down for dinner with Xi, Mr Trump said Air Force One will be sent to Houston to retrieve the casket of President HW Bush, who died Saturday, and bring it to Washington. President Xi said it had been a while since he had met the US president, because a lot of things had taken place in the world.He said cooperation with the US would serve in the interest of “peace and prosperity”.
