WW3 fears: China says US waging war on North Korea RISKIER than Syria attack
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/791665/China-North-Korea-United-States-war-Trump-Syria-attack
 17:02, Thu, Apr 13, 2017 
  GettyChina has said Donald Trump is not prepared for the 'worst case scenario' with North KoreaFollowing the surprise diversion of the USS Carl Vinson-led aircraft carrier group to the Korean Peninsula on Sunday, China has issued a warning to Donald Trump and said an attack by the US will prompt tyrant Kim Jong-un to nuke South Korea.The US President said he would solve the “North Korean problem” with or without China’s help, which has increased tensions in east Asia.His threat came a week after ordering the US Navy to fire 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian Government airbase following a chemical attack in Idlib which killed at least 80 Syrian civilians. Related articles   Trump ISIS war escalates: BIGGEST non-nuclear bomb dropped    US ignites WAR of words with North Korea 'telling Japan it will STR...  Taking military actions against North Korea is much more risky than launching a missile strike on SyriaGlobal TimesNow, China, which is Pyongyang’s only ally, has fired a warning shot across the US’ bow, with the Global Times, a newspaper published in English by the Chinese Communist Party’s People’s Daily, saying the situation in the Korean peninsula is much worse than Syria.In a biting editorial piece, the paper said: “If Pyongyang wages a desperate counterattack, Washington will be caught in a dilemma.  GettyThe USS Carl Vinson-led aircraft carrier group is in the Korean Peninsula now“Taking military actions against North Korea is much more risky than launching a missile strike on Syria. “Pyongyang is able to deal a heavy blow to South Korea. “Regardless of Pyongyang's nuclear capability, a radiological dispersal device, or a ‘dirty bomb’, if thrown on the South, will cause nuclear pollution, which will be unbearable to this US ally.”   The editorial added it was “pretty sure” Washington has not prepared itself for the “worst-case scenario”. Fears North Korea is due to launch its six missile test have been raised as the country prepares to celebrate the birthday of its late leader Kim Il-sung on Saturday, which is called the “Day of the Sun”, and since current leader Kim Jong-un took over in 2011, it has often been a day to test missiles - banned by the UN.  GettyChinese leader Xi Jinping met with Donald Trump in Florida last week  GettyFrench satellite picked up movement at a missile launch site in North Korea todayDespite these fears, the Chinese editorial accused the US of having “no power to put global affairs in order at the moment”.The authors, added: “The White House needs to be aware of this reality. Washington seems to be poised to extend its battle line now, which however may not be what it desires.“No matter it's about toppling Assad or militarily forcing Pyongyang to surrender, it cannot be achieved in a short time. “The strategic circle of Washington has underestimated the uncertainties.” Related videos   Sir John Sawers: North Korea is a bigger threat than Syria The Global Times said an agreement by the UN Security Council needs to be reached to control risks.US allies South Korea and Japan have asked Washington to consult with them before taking military action against Pyongyang.Earlier today Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, called against the US using force against the hermit kingdom.He said: “Military force cannot resolve the issue. “Amid challenge there is opportunity. Amid tensions we will also find a kind of opportunity to return to talks.”
