CHRISTIANITY CRACKDOWN: Government officials ‘SPYING’ on church services
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1118408/christianity-crackdown-spy-china-henan-christian-persecution-news
 17:34, Wed, Apr 24, 2019 
  Chinese Christians are being spied on by Government informants (Image: Getty)A church elder from Kaifeng, Henan, revealed how one person in each village in his province has been paid £34.48 (300 yuan)to spy on churches, which is more than five times the impoverished households get in benefits. The spies are believed to be reporting back to the Government about which Christians take their children to church as minors are not allowed to enter religious buildings or be taught about religion. Authorities began clamping down on religions last year after the revised religious regulations were published. Related articles   South China Sea: Trump ‘SCARED’ of triggering war with China - Duterte   'What was May THINKING?' Cyber expert issues grave China spy warning Last April Henan’s provincial religious affairs bureau announced the new regulations would be thoroughly implemented and banned churches from organising activities for children.  A pastor from Henan called Xu told China Aid signs forbidding children from church have been put up in many state-sanctioned Three Self churches. He said: “By doing so, the government wants to control the development of churches.   A Catholic worshipper in China, where the Government have regularly clashed with the Vatican (Image: Getty)“By now, the government has already demolished several thousand crosses. Now, they are not satisfied with small gains and are more and more savage.” The religious clampdown has even been extended to private gatherings in people’s homes.   Xu added: “They have stipulated that Christian home gatherings should not exceed five people.”    var brightcoveBrandsafety='4 Sport and specialist news &ndash; passed for ad targeting' The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is atheist and immediately banned religions in 1949 when the People’s Republic of China was established.  During Mao Zedong’s cultural revolution between 1966 and 1976 places of worship were demolished, closed or taken over by the Communist Party. After Mao’s death, religious freedoms in China improved slightly and Christians began worshipping in public again.  Chinese President Xi Jinping has ordered a clampdown on religion (Image: Getty)The CCP now officially recognises five religions Buddhism, Catholicism, Daoism, Islam, and Protestantism.   The number of Chinese Protestants has grown by an average of 10 percent annually since 1979, there are now tens of millions, and the country is on track to have the world’s largest population of Christians by 2030.  However, as President Xi Jinping’s power increased he ordered more suppression of religious rights with Communist party members disciplined if they openly displayed their faith. 
