CHRISTIANITY CRACKDOWN: Fury as bibles SEIZED by police - ‘What crime did we commit?’
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1055410/christian-persecution-china-religion
 17:34, Thu, Dec 6, 2018 
  Bibles were seized at a home church in China (Image: Getty)Officers seized books and furniture during the search of the house church in Jiangxi province, China, on December 2. In a video released after the raid, church leader Liao Hongcon held up signs which read: “There were only a little more than a dozen senior citizens gathering at my home. “They came and confiscated our Bibles and took our stools. [But] what crime did we commit? Related articles   Christian vows BANNED from civil weddings – but other religions sli...   CHRISTIANITY CRACKDOWN: Mob of 150 protestors STORM into church ser... “We only sang hymns and read Bibles.”Persecution watchdog International Christian Concern (ICC) revealed other churches in Pingxiang city have also been raided to prevent worshippers congregating.Mr Liao immediately called the police to report the December 2 incident but no law enforcement officer was sent to investigate.A People’s Liberation Army veteran, Mr Liao has demanded religious freedom in his video posted on YouTube in defiance of the government’s crackdown on Christian churches.  Father Francis Liu tweeted about the raid (Image: Twitter)  Chinese churches have to abide by strict government rules (Image: Getty)Footage shows him holding up multiple signs reading: “I am a Chinese old warrior. I served my homeland by dedicating my youth to it, yet I can’t even safeguard my own freedom of religion?”The video ends with a short clip documenting the authorities’ raid on the church.China President Xi Jinping’s government has ramped up pressure on Christians across the country.Under new religious regulations introduced by his government back in February, churches have to be officially registered in the state and stick to the rules set by Chinese authorities. Related articles   CHRISTIANITY CRACKDOWN: Four people arrested for HANDING OUT LEAFLE...   Christianity CRACKDOWN: Millions of Christians face 'imminent extin...   China President Xi Jinping’s government are cracking down on Christianity (Image: Getty)International Christian Concern’s Regional Manager Gina Goh said: “The disturbance of church services has become more widespread across China.“From Henan, Sichuan, Guangdong, Jiangsu, to Jiangxi province, the repression of Christians, especially those who refuse to join state-sanctioned churches, has intensified.“With Christmas coming, it is expected that more churches will be impacted by the ongoing crackdown.“The international community must continue to raise concerns with China on its disregard for religious liberty and violations of human rights.”
