Donald Trump wife: Is Melania Trump going to Argentina for G20? Where is Melania now?
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1051588/Donald-Trump-wife-Melania-Trump-Argentina-G20-Donald-Trump-Where-is-Melania-Trump-now
 14:31, Wed, Nov 28, 2018 
   Is Melania Trump going to Argentina for the G20 meeting with Trump?Melania Trump will be going to Argentina for the G20 meeting with President Trump. The attendance was confirmed Monday, November 26. Mrs Trump will attend the spousal program, which includes tours of the Argentinian capital of Buenos Aires, cultural events, a spouses’ photo and an official dinner with the rest of the leaders and their significant others. Related articles   Melania Trump’s White House Christmas decorations receive BACKLASH ...   Melania Trump news: First Lady wears red trousers and matching flats Although no details for the rest of her trip in Argentina has been confirmed, the First Lady tends to include meeting children in her travels.Mrs Trump may for example visit a children’s hospital.However, President Trump’s wife does not always join her husband on his official travels.Earlier this year Mrs Trump was noticeably missing from a G7 leaders meeting in Canada.  Donald Trump wife: Melania will be travelling to Argentina with the US President (Image: GETTY)She was also absent from the Singapore summit in June, when Donald Trump met with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.She did, however, attend the last g20 meeting in Hamburg in 2017, although Mrs Trump was trapped at her hotel one day and unable to attend official events due to protests.The plan was originally to go on a river cruise and tour a climate change centre.READ MORE: MELANIA TRUMP: DO YOU LOVE DONALD TRUMP? MELANIA'S ANSWER REVEAL EVERYTHING... Related articles   Melania Trump news: First Lady wows in form-fitting jacket   Melania Trump Christmas: First Lady shares insight into White House   Donald Trump wife: The couple will attend the G20 summit in Buenos Aires on November 30 (Image: GETTY)Where is Melania now?The First Lady and President Trump are scheduled to light the National Christmas Tree in the US capital of Washington today.The annual National Christmas Tree Lighting will take place on the Ellipse at the White House at 4.30pm local time.And on Friday, November 30 Mrs Trump will be in Buenos Aires with her husband for the 2018 G20 summit.  Donald Trump will have a sit-down with Chinese President Xi Jinping following the G20 summit (Image: GETTY)President Trump has offered to host a dinner for Chinese President Xi Jinping the following day.However, it is not thought the First Lady will attend the sit-down dinner.A source said: “Trump originally planned to leave Buenos Aires as soon as the G20 agenda finished, but he has decided to postpone his departure to make this dinner happen.”This will be the first time a G20 meeting is hosted in a South American country.
