China plotting to DESTROY the EU warns French MEP - 'I'm terribly worried'
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1105591/china-news-eu-destroy-france-mep-yannick-jadot
 15:49, Tue, Mar 26, 2019 
  China’s “unfair” trade practices was denounced by Green MEP (Image: Getty Images)The lawmaker’s warning comes after Brussels set out a 10-point plan last week for more balanced economic relations with China, whose rising power is a source of growing concern. Asked by RMC radio whether he was worried about China’s efforts to pursue expansionism and regional hegemony, he said Beijing’s long-term political objective was to break the bloc apart. He said: “I’m terribly worried. Because it’s a political project, and not an economic project. One designed to help China become a regional hegemon and cause the dissolution of the European Union.”  Related articles   Macron issues China WARNING - ‘Europe is FINALLY awakening' to threat   EU CIVIL WAR: Macron slaps down Italy for seeking China deal   Brussels has been increasingly frustrated by China’s reluctance to open up its economy (Image: Getty Images)Mr Jadot, leader of the Europe Ecology-The Greens (EELV) party’s list for the May European parliament elections, continued: “We need to put on a united European front against Xi Jinping, because the Chinese plan, just like the Russian plan, is to break the European Union. They don’t want us to be an economic and political power.” Denouncing China’s “unfair” trade practices, the green MEP accused the Xi government of “systematically buying the complacency of European leaders and triggering the division of Europe.” Mr Jadot’s comments came at the end of Mr Xi’s three-day trip to France, and one week after the European Commission set out a 10-point plan for more balanced economic relations with Beijing, telling EU leaders how to best respond to a rising, more aggressive China. The action plan marks a sharp shift in the bloc’s stance towards its top trading partner ahead of an EU-China summit on April 9.   The EU executive said the bloc should push for a more reciprocal economic relationship with Beijing and take steps to protect its industry.Brussels has been increasingly frustrated by China’s reluctance to open up its economy, a surge of Chinese takeovers in critical EU sectors and rising US pressure to shun China. But while the EU shares many of the US’ concerns over Chinese market distortions, overcapacity and technology transfer, it has generally avoided taking sides in the bitter trade war between Washington and Beijing.François Godement, an Asia expert for the Paris-based Institut Montaigne think-tank, told France Info radio on Monday that the US-China trade war had put the EU in hot water.   Yannick Jadot, leader of the Europe Ecology-The Greens (EELV) (Image: Getty Images)“It’s a dangerous situation for Europeans, who are caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade dispute. Who find themselves trapped between the US’ strong negotiating power and a China that is trying to woo EU leaders but is at the same time reluctant to make concessions,” he warned.French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday said competition between the EU and China must not lead to a breakdown in world trade systems or political isolationism, as Mr Xi promised to work side by side with Europe. “We must show through actions that cooperation brings more than confrontation and that we have more to win through openness than through closing doors,” Mr Macron said.Mr Xi, for his part, said that “cooperation is greater than competition”.  China is the bloc’s biggest source of imports and its second-biggest export market after the US (Image: Getty Images)  Mr Macron said competition between the EU and China must not lead to a breakdown in world trade (Image: Getty Images)“We are working side by side and helping each other, and we shouldn’t be always worried about watching our back with suspicion while moving forward,” he insisted.Both leaders stressed that in the “current context, committing to multilateralism is the best way of promoting international cooperation at a time when risks and common challenges are multiplying.”China is the bloc’s biggest source of imports and its second-biggest export market after the US, with trade between the two worth more than $1 billion per day. China’s trade surplus in goods with the EU was 177.7 billion euros in 2017.
