Concern for global ECONOMY as Asian shares DROP for third day in a row
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/800606/global-economy-concern-asian-shares-drop-third-day-in-a-row
 09:25, Fri, May 5, 2017 
  GETTY STOCK IMAGEChinese stocks led regional losers falling to a three-month lowChinese stocks led regional losers, falling to a three-month low as concerns about tighter financial regulations weighed on banking shares while oil plays such as Petrochina and Sinopec tumbled on oil's retreat below the $45 per barrel mark. In the latest attempts by Beijing to reduce leverage in the nation's banking system, regulators are turning their attention to capital rotation, breaches of arbitrage rules and illegal transactions, the official Shanghai Securities News reported on Friday, citing bank sources. “Obviously regulations are tightening and a large number of regulatory measures will come in the second half of the year, thus hurting sentiment,” said Zhu Qibing, an analyst with BOCI Securities.  Related articles   Britain to benefit from 1.8 per cent boost to economy this Easter   GLOBAL CRASH FEARS: Rising recession chance as 'Trump is UNRELIABLE' While regulatory enforcement sprees are not new to China, investors fear there may be no let up in a new wave of tightening soon after President Xi Jinping last week made a rare speech on financial stability. The falls in commodities prices definitely tell us there is some kind of a moderation under way in the global economyCliff Tan - Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJXi called for increased efforts to ward off systemic risks to help maintain financial security, the official Xinhua news agency said. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan extended its decline to be down 0.8 percent on Friday and was trading at its lowest level since April 25. European stock markets are set to follow in Asia's wake with key indices likely to open between 0.2 to 0.4 percent lower.  GETTYPresident Xi Jinping last week made a rare speech on financial stabilityOther commodity-related plays such as the Australian stock market also fell with a benchmark index declining 0.8 percent. Big miners such as Rio Tinto Ltd, BHP Billiton Ltd and Fortescue Metals Group Ltd fell between 2.7 to 3 percent. “The falls in commodities prices definitely tell us there is some kind of a moderation under way in the global economy and I would advise taking some money off the table at these levels,” said Cliff Tan, East Asia head of global markets research at Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ in Hong Kong. On Friday, Chinese iron ore futures fell nearly 7 per cent in opening trades after tumbling 8 percent on Thursday on concerns that global commodity demand may fall sharply in the face of record supplies. and Oil plunged to five-month lows on Thursday amid record trading volume in Brent crude, as Opec and other producers appeared to rule out deeper supply cuts to reduce the world's persistent glut of crude.  GETTY STOCK IMAGEOil plunged to five-month lows on Thursday amid record trading volume in Brent crude   US West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil futures CLc1 were trading at $44.14 per barrel at 0335 GMT, down $1.39 or 3 per cent, after a more than 4 per cent drop the previous session. “The rout in markets is unlikely to turn around quickly,” ANZ strategists wrote in a daily note. “Oil markets face further potentially bearish data, with the U.S. rig count likely to add to the bearishness.” The weakness in commodities washed over to stocks, countering some fairly solid earnings reports and some cautious optimism about U.S. President Donald Trump's reform plans after the U.S. House of Representatives passed a healthcare overhaul.
