Chinese officials intervene to stop market crashing before WWII parade
https://www.express.co.uk//finance/city/601229/Chinese-officials-intervene-to-stop-market-crashing-before-WWII-parade
 17:18, Thu, Aug 27, 2015 
  GETTYPresident of China Xi Jinping, right, joined Vladimir Putin at a military parade in Russia in MayThe commemoration is due to take place on September 3 to mark the 70th anniversary of Victory Day, with Vladimir Putin, Sudan President Omar Hassan al-Bashir and Tony Blair travelling to Beijing for the event.After days of roller-coaster swings, Chinese authorities wanted the market to stabilise in time for the occasion, according to Bloomberg sources. To ward off volatility in the short term, the Government today moved to support its currency the yuan by cutting holdings of US Treasuries and raising dollars, said the unamed people close to the matter. The sales, which were not publicly announced, come after the Government's inaction helped contribute to a huge stock market sell-off on Monday and Tuesday. Related articles   FTSE 100 jumps into the green after Wall Street boom despite...   Panic-buy BOTTLED WATER and tins of food, says Gordon Brown's... Critics have questioned the competency of Chinese authorities in handling markets and the economy after markets started to slump in June. The Chinese Government had helped to fuel a huge stock market bubble by encouraging ordinary families to take on debt to invest in the stock market. The value of the country's main stock market, the Shanghai Composite Index, almost doubled in the space of just a year. When they bottom started to fall out, officials began meddling by slapping bans on selling certain stocks and halting trading to try to stop losses. Authorities then devalued the yuan a couple of weeks ago, amid suspicions that headline figures on economic growth were being altered, which prompted a wave of panic. But when the huge sell-off took hold at the start of the week, authorities were slow to react with critics dubbing an interest rate cut on Wednesday as "too little, too late". Andrew Sullivan, head of sales trading at Haitong International Securities Group Ltd. in Hong Kong told Bloomberg that investors are frustrated. He said: "The Chinese are not being very consistent in their communication to the markets."Global markets have paused for breath today, with London's FTSE 100 back in the green after a torrid week, but experts fear that the fear that sparked sell-offs could easily return.
