Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un to meet in Vietnam for nuclear talks THIS MONTH
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1080923/Trump-news-donald-trump-kim-jong-un-north-korea-Vietnam-nuclear
 02:53, Fri, Feb 1, 2019 
   Chinese President Xi Jinping is supportive of the summit, the source told CNN. However they added that there are no discussions right now for Trump to meet with Xi around the summit. Trump and Kim last met in Singapore in July for the first ever meeting of leaders between their two countries. Related articles   North Koreans threatened with DEATH for tuning into western television   NORTH KOREA WARNING: Kim Jong-un will NOT give up nuclear weapons  The second summit was announced on January 18 following discussions with North Korea’s lead negotiator on nuclear, Kim Yong Chol, but no further details were known.The agenda for the meeting is not yet clear.Yesterday, a US envoy on North Korea said they are not looking to invade the country and suggested that President Trump may formally end the Korean War.The Korean War, the fighting of which took place in the early 1950s, ended with an armistice in 1953 but a peace treaty was never signed.  Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un will meet (Image: GETTY)  The leaders shook hands at the Capella Hotel in Singapore in June last year (Image: GETTY)Steve Biegun said at a speech at Stanford: “President Trump is ready to end this war. It is over. It is done.“We are not going to invade North Korea. We are not seeking to topple the North Korean regime.”However, Mr Biegun said the US would not withdraw troops from South Korea.The nuclear talks last year ended with a commitment from the North Korean dictator to “work towards complete denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula”. Related articles   World War 3: Trump must not give 'sweetheart deal' to North Korea   North Korea latest: Secret missile HQ uncovered weeks before Trump ...   Trump's rhetoric towards the North Korean leader has u-turned (Image: GETTY)However, Trump was criticised for failing to pin down Kim on specifics.On Wednesday, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said that North Korea “is unlikely to completely give up on its nuclear weapons”.Meanwhile, CIA Director Gina Haspel said the regime “is committed to developing a long-range nuclear-armed missile that would post a direct threat to the United States”.However, Trump claimed these intelligence chiefs told him their words had been “totally misquoted” and taken out of context.
