WW3 fears: China sets alarm bells ringing – expert issues ‘OLD SCHOOL IMPERIALISM’ warning
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1074488/world-war-3-us-china-donald-trump-taiwan-south-china-sea
 20:27, Fri, Jan 18, 2019 
  China's People's Liberation Army is estimated to have more than two million soldiers on active duty (Image: GETTY)And Professor Michael Cullinane, Professor of US History at the University of Roehampton, said NATO was in danger of becoming an “anachronism” as it struggled to adapt to the new world order of the 21st century. Mr Cullinane told Express.co.uk he was particularly concerned at the attempts by the Philippines to alter the terms of the 1951 Mutual Defence Treaty with the US, which critics fear could result in Manila allying itself with Beijing. China’s President Xi Jinping paid a state visit to the country in November, during which he and controversial Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte agreed a joint oil and gas exploration. Related articles   North Korea news: Trump summit with Kim Jong-un 'IMMINENT'   World War 3: China ‘drawing up plans for wars with US and India’ Days earlier, at the ASEAN summit Singapore, Mr Duterte, told reporters: “China is already in possession of the South China Sea. It’s now in their hands,”“So why do you have to create frictions that will prompt a response from China?“China is there, that’s a reality, and America and everybody should realise that they are there.”Prof. Cullinane warned such attitudes would present major challenges for the West going forward, especially coupled with China’s ongoing trade dispute with the United States.  Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping (Image: AFP/Getty Images)Emphasising that he was talking about the regime as opposed to the Chinese people, he said: “China has bases on many of the islands in the South China Sea and the Philippines is under pressure to go along with that.“China supposedly has this 1,000 year history of not invading places but this is anything but that – this is old school imperialism.“This is looking more and more like a 19th century world we are living in, where power talks, and that’s largely why Donald Trump was elected of course.“NATO is becoming more anachronistic, and is looking more and more like a European defence mechanism. Related articles   DEFCON warning threat level issued as nuclear clashes loom   World War 3: Hypersonic weapons pose real “challenge” to world peace   Chinese bases in the South China Sea (Image: NASA)  China has increased military spending in recent years (Image: GETTY)“The Latvians, the Lithuanians, the Estonians – they need NATO. But to the US, I’m not sure it’s that important.”In this context, China’s vast level of overseas investment and military spending represented a big challenge to the old world order, Prof. Cullinane said.He said: “Nationalism is China is so powerful and the Chinese state believes in imperial power over the world.”So confident was Beijing in its ambitions it had even hired academics to look at the power “transition” between the British Empire of the 19th Century, and the American dominance of the 20th, he added.   He added: “China is doing so many things at the moment – and investing in so many countries, from the Mauritius Islands to Nigeria to Pakistan.“And Taiwan and the South China Sea is a flashpoint, and a test of how far China is willing to go.”Prof. Cullinane said he had “misgivings” about the idea that war between China and the US was inevitable.But he added: “The world needs a new diplomatic language because the American century is over.”
