Full extent of elephant slaughter in Africa at the hands of poachers finally revealed
https://www.express.co.uk//news/nature/609478/Elephant-Slaughter-poacher-Africa
 12:59, Fri, Oct 2, 2015 
  GETTYPark ranger keeps guard as ivory is set on fire Since the beginning of the year, 24,000 elephants have been shot, snared or poisoned by poachers for their ivory. This year's death toll brings the total number of elephants slaughtered by an increasingly sophisticated criminal network to 129,000 since the start of 2012.The shocking statistics have been revealed by the Born Free Foundation on the eve of the Global March for Elephants and Rhinos that will see hundreds of thousands of animal lovers around the world voicing their fears over the loss of the planet's wild heritage.  GETTYSince the beginning of 2015 24,000 elephants have been shotMarches are planned in 100 cities worldwide. The unsustainable level of illegal hunting is pushing these iconic creatures inexorably towards oblivion. At current rates of destruction, Africa's elephants and rhinos could become extinct in the wild within a few generations.Poachers killed more than 1,200 black and white rhinos for their horns in South Africa last year. Quack medicine claims in the Far East have seen rhino horn hailed as a cancer cure but, in reality, it is only made from the same substance as toe and finger nails, keratin.Across Africa, there are now fewer than 5,000 critically endangered black rhinos, while one-horned Asian rhinos in India and Nepal number 3,000. Sumatran and Javan rhinos are counted in the hundreds and tens, respectively.  GETTY China's leader Xi Jinping and Barack ObamaPolitical will is growing to combat the poachers. In Britain, Prince William has become a vocal advocate for elephants and rhinos and last weekend America and China joined forces in a historic pledge to fight the illegal ivory racket.President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping agreed to enact "nearly complete bans on ivory imports and exports, including significant and timely restrictions on the import of ivory as hunting trophies."But there is still a need for frontline help to stop the poachers and also break up their inter-continental blackmarkets, and this call will be championed over the weekend. In London, Born Free Foundation policy adviser Dominic Dyer will be speaking at the London march, which takes place on October 3.    Elephants and rhinos are the victims of an illegal wildlife trafficking enterprise that is more organised, militarised, and lucrative than ever beforeAdam M Roberts, Born Free Foundation chief executive"Greed, corruption and ignorance is leading to the brutal, cruel destruction of Africa's elephants and rhinos at a rate not witnessed in the history of human civilization," he said."Unless the international community takes urgent action to shut down the global ivory and rhino horn trade and provides more training, equipment and financial resources to African states to better protect their precious elephants and rhinos from poachers, we will be the last generation to see them in the wild.."In the USA, Born Free Foundation chief executive Adam M Roberts will be speaking at tomorrow's march in Boston. He said: "Elephants and rhinos are the victims of an illegal wildlife trafficking enterprise that is more organised, militarised, and lucrative than ever before.An estimated 129,000 elephants have died at the hands of poachers since January 2012.  GETTY Elephant killed for its tusks "As documented in Born Free USA's groundbreaking reports, Ivory's Curse and Out of Africa, poaching is not only a wildlife conservation and animal welfare issue, but also is intrinsically linked to terrorist networks and global criminal syndicates that use bloody ivory money to fund their violent activities, threatening national security."Rhinos are similarly suffering as casualties of the disturbingly high global demand for their horns." In the UK, marches will take place in Edinburgh, Exeter, Liverpool, and London.After the London march, a letter signed by conservation organisations, MPs, and celebrities will be delivered to No 10 Downing Street by representatives from Born Free, Action for Elephants UK, David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust, and International Fund for Animal Welfare.
