Chinese police attack Christians for complaining at state surveillance INSIDE CHURCHES
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/788708/china-christians-police-surveillance-cameras-church
 PUBLISHED:  09:00, Sat, Apr 8, 2017 
  GETTYPolice clashed with churchgoers over state surveillanceAuthorities in Zhejiang province ordered state-sanctioned churches to install surveillance equipment earlier this year allowing the Chinese Communist Party to easily monitor religious activity. Officials said the surveillance scheme was part of “anti-terrorism and security” measures but churchgoers, who already have to abide by strict rules and regulations, have resisted the move resulting in violent clashes with police in the city of Wenzhou, dubbed ‘China’s Jerusalem’. One Christian, who declined to be identified, told the South China Morning Post: "Government officials came to the churches and put up cameras by force. Some pastors and worshippers who didn't agree to the move were dragged away. Related articles   Churchgoers beaten and jailed for putting crucifix outside house    Christians rounded up persecuted as Chinese claims they are running C  Some people needed to be treated in hospital after fighting the officialsChristian"Some people needed to be treated in hospital after fighting the officials."It is claimed some cameras have already been installed in some of Wenzhou’s 2,000 churches with reports of pastors being closely monitored after speaking to the press. Religious rights group China Aid say Christians, scared officials will now demolish churches, have been arrested after attempting to guard Changlin Church.  KYODO NEWSCrosses were removed from at least 400 churches in Zhejiang in 2014   AFPChurchgoers have to abide by strict rules and regulationsChina Aid said: “Some Christian women stationed themselves outside the church, fearing a possible church demolition, and were seized for their resistance, then released once the cameras were set up. “Officials also destroyed the church’s reception desk and other parts of the building, including the church’s gate in order to get in.”Zhejiang is home to some 4,000 churches, but worshippers in the region have seen the local government increasingly intervene.   GETTYXi Jinping’s communist party has launched a major crackdown on religionCrosses were removed from at least 400 churches in 2014 with officials claiming the cross violated building codes. Nationally Xi Jinping’s communist party has launched a major crackdown on religion with China Aid reporting an increase in persecution.Christians have been banned from travelling abroad for religious purposes, strict restrictions have been placed on on house churches and a series of raids on pastors’ homes have been carried out with an increasing number of believers put behind bars for flouting laws concerning religion.
