China wants HEGEMONY: Steve Bannon warns Trump ahead of Asia trip - don't be fooled
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/874476/China-power-Donald-Trump-Steven-Bannon-World-War-3-USA-Donald-Trump-Asia-trip
 08:53, Thu, Nov 2, 2017 
  GETTYSteve Bannon has warned Donald Trump to be aware on his China tripBannon speaking exclusively said that while Trump says he has established friendship and mutual understanding with the Chinese leader Xi Xingping, the former chief has his doubts and fears the President could be being hoodwinked.He said: “Re: China - We don't just make a small mistake. It is a big strategic mistake. If you listen to President Xi's (recent) speech, it was not about how THEY are going to be superpower with the US. No! It was about THEY, are going to have a hegemony."Trump is due to visit Asia with China being the first stop for a State visit next week.Bannon also revealed how the worldwide political revolution will continue - even if someone kills him.The former advisor said he’s more determined than ever to keep shaking-up the establishment despite leaving the White House and his role as Donald Trump’s chief strategist in August.The Breitbart website chief is still battling hard to see off those in the Republican party who question Trump’s uncompromising populist agenda.His no-nonsense beliefs and style have won him an army of fans and he’s credited with being a major influence both in Trump’s amazing surge to power as well as helping fuel Britain’s vote to leave the EU in June 2016, alongside his friend Nigel Farage.But it’s also brought him a huge amount of enemies enemies meaning he’s surrounded by security at all times.And he told international interviewer Daphne Barak that even his murder can no longer slow the populist political whirlwind both in the States and across the rest of the world.He said: "Even if someone kills me, this revolution has already started. Nobody can kill it. Others will carry on."  Daphne BarakSteve Bannon with journalist Daphne BarakIt was believed that the final straw for Bannon in Washington came when he told a reporter that there would not be a military option for the US in North Korea without the deaths of “10 Million people in Seoul in the first 30 minutes.”Despite that he is still as combative and vocal as ever on other global threats to the US - the chief of which he now believes is Turkey, led by hardline President Recep Tayip Erdogan.He said: "Turkey is the biggest danger for us!”"We don't read well what is going on in Turkey right now, under Erdogan! This is an issue I am going to pursue hard."As well as Turkey, Bannon believes Qatar also poses a huge danger, adding: "I credit Donald Trump on the blockade of Qatar by the UAE, Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia. It didn't just happen shortly after the (Trump) visit, just like that.”Trump said recently that he wanted to mediate this dispute.  GETTYDonald Trump and Xi JingpingBut Bannon doesn’t believe it - pointing out that Trump backed Saudi Arabia, and adds: "Qatar is as dangerous as N. Korea. People should pay attention to this important situation.”Bannon is still adamant that he had always planned to leave his job with the Trump administration when he left suddenly in the summer, adding: "It was a year after I took over the Trump Campaign. I had planned to give it a year. "However, his emotions about the people he calls ‘Globalists' are strong, among them: Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, chief economic advisor Gary Cohn and mainly - National Security Advisor General H.R. McMaster. Related articles   Steve Bannon slams ‘MORON’ Hollywood actors for low cinema attendance   World War 3 THREAT: Qatar situation is MORE DANGEROUS than North Ko... McMaster had removed Bannon from the National Security Council, after Mike Flynn was fired by Trump.  He then fired some of Bannon's allies, who had reportedly continued to report to Bannon.He said “McMaster is my enemy. There will never be a relationship. And we will win.”Globalism is another of his pet hates, something that led to his vote-winning America First ideology adopted by Trump on his Presidential campaign.And though he doesn’t want the US to insulate themselves entirely from the rest of the world, he says they have to be more ‘adult’ about the way they intervene around the world.  He said: "Donald Trump put a budget of 30 billion dollars to update the readiness of our military.  It was a law, because of the wars we have been fighting for 17 years."This is like the entire defence budget of Germany. Europe does not make any attempt to defend itself. They are protected by the USA. The gulf is protected by the USA. S. Korea, Japan are protected by the USA."I don’t suggest, we become ‘Isolationists'. It is not that we are going to walk away from the world. No! But we are going to start acting like adults.”
