Pakistan vs India allies and enemies: What countries support India? Who supports Pakistan?
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1092640/pakistan-vs-india-allies-enemies-support-russia-china-north-korea-usa-saudi-arabia
 07:00, Mon, Mar 4, 2019 
   Pakistani officials said the airstrikes were carried out a day after Indian warplanes struck inside Pakistan for the first time since a war in 1971. India’s foreign secretary Vijay Gokhale said the Indian air strikes were targeted at a militant camp in Pakistani territory, which was run by Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM). The attack came after JeM claimed responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack that killed at least 40 Indian paramilitary police on February 14. But Pakistan warned it would retaliate, with Prime Minister Imran Khan and army chief Qamar Javed Bajwa saying in a statement that it "strongly rejected Indian claim of targeting an alleged terrorist camp near Balakot and the claim of heavy casualties." READ MORE: Pakistan CONDEMNS India - Imran Khan vows Pakistan 'SHALL RESPOND' as '300 killed' Related articles   Could World War 3 break out between India and Pakistan after bombing?   India ERUPTS: Kashmiris clash with police as Modi supporters burn flag What countries support India? If tensions continue to worsen between the two countries, India may have to gain support from its biggest allies. Russia has been a close ally of India since its independence and they are also one of the biggest partners in bilateral trade. USA President Donald Trump is also said to be pro-India due to receiving a lot of funding from Hindus in his campaign for president.   Pakistan vs India allies and enemies: Imran Khan meets China's President Xi Jinping in Beijing (Image: GETTY)What countries support Pakistan?China is said to be an ally of Pakistan to fulfil its oil needs as well as battle India’s growth as a powerful Asian nation. Pakistan also has Turkey on its side after they were both part of an alliance that was formed by the USA against the Soviet Union.Saudi Arabia is also a fan of Pakistan being a Sunni Muslim country and the Saudi military is also trained by Pakistan. Related articles   India jets BOMB targets in Pakistan    World War 3: Terrifying moment Indian jets BOMB targets in Pakistan   Pakistan vs India allies and enemies: The Indian army dwarfs Pakistan's in terms of numbers (Image: GETTY)Why are there tensions between Pakistan and India? India and Pakistan became independent nations in 1947. But their first war over Kashmir broke out only two months later. In 1971, India supported East Pakistan’s effort to become independent and carried out bombing raise inside Pakistan, before the war ended with Bangladesh being created.   Pakistan vs India allies and enemies: A map shows India is no match for Pakistan's nuclear weapons (Image: EXPRESS)   Pakistani soldiers occupied Indian military posts in the Kargil mountains in 1999, but India responded responded by launching air and ground strikes. A few years later, 166 people were killed following attacks on a Jewish cultural centre, hotels and Mumbai’s main railway station, in which Pakistan-based group Lashkar-e-Taiba were blamed. In January 2016, there was a four-day attack on an Indian air base in Pathankot, which killed seven Indian soldiers and six militants.Later in the year, India said it carried out “surgical strikes” on militants in Pakistani Kashmir, although Islamabad said the strikes never took place.
