BREXIT TRADE: Theresa May to head to China to kickstart talks over new deal
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/909842/theresa-may-china-visit-brexit-trade-talks-beijing
 13:04, Thu, Jan 25, 2018 
   The trip will mark the growing importance in the relationship between Britain and China as London contemplates its economic future after it officially leaves the EU in March 2019.China's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying confirmed the visit, from January 31 until February 2, during a regular news briefing in Beijing.She said: “It will be a historical visit. We attach great importance to our relations with the UK.“We hope we can continue to further deepen our political mutual trust, expand our cooperation and to elevate our bilateral relations to a new high.”  GETTYTheresa May will be meeting President Xi Jinping when she travels to China next week Related articles   May issues Brussels warning over charging UK for market access   ‘Now it’s time for NEW PARTNERS’ Theresa May issues post-Brexit war...  We attach great importance to our relations with the UKHua ChunyingThe China trip will be Mrs May’s first as PM and will include visits to Shanghai and Hubei.China’s huge market makes an attractive target for Britain outside the EU single market and customs union and a string of top officials have travelled to Beijing in recent months.Britain’s international trade minister Liam Fox recently returned from a trip to China, where he discussed market access for British exports, including its key sector of financial services.In December, finance minister Philip Hammond visited the Asian giant to work out final preparations for a “stock connect” linking the London and Shanghai exchanges, and had agreed to examine the possibility of connecting their bond markets as well.  GETTYThe PM will travel to Shanghai during her trip to ChinaMrs May’s visit comes just after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) increased its growth projection for China this year and experts declare the nation “is the world’s factory”.The CEO of Hony Capital, a Chinese private equity firm, believes the predicted growth is linked to the country rebalancing to a consumption-driven model. John Zhao, told CNBC at the World Economic Forum in Davos, said: “The real story about Chinese growth is consumption.”The IMF raised its forecast for China’s economic growth this year to 6.6 percent, a slight rise from 6.5 per cent growth the organisation credited last year.   GETTYTheresa May will hope to boost links between Britain and ChinaThe Hony Capital CEO said: "I think IMF's renewed number is very realistic.” Mr Zhao believes the IMF’s new figures are completely justified and that the restructuring of the Chinese economy to a consumer based one is the reason why. He said: “China continues to be the world's factory. A lot of that is 'new economy.' China is arguably the world's best consumption market.“China hosts the largest middle-income crowd, growing very fast, buying things left and right, and that trend continues.”
