‘We must improve relationship with China’ announces Donald Trump
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/741762/Donald-Trump-china-relationship-USA-trade-foreign-policy
 14:55, Fri, Dec 9, 2016 
  GETTY Donald Trump has said the United States needed to improve its relationship with China“One of the most important relationships we must improve, and we have to improve, is our relationship with China,” Trump told a rally in Iowa. The United States and China are the world's two biggest economies. “China is not a market economy,” he said. “They haven't played by the rules, and I know it's time that they're going to start.”  Related articles   China PRAISES Trump's choice of ambassador days after The Donald blast   'We must go NUCLEAR on Trump' China calls for more warheads President-elect Trump criticised China repeatedly during his presidential campaign and drew a diplomatic protest from Beijing last week after speaking by phone with President Tsai Ing-wen of Taiwan, which China considers a wayward province. It was the first such top-level contact with Taiwan by a U.S. president-elect or president since President Jimmy Carter adopted a “one-China” policy in 1979, recognising only the Beijing government.   GETTYChinese President Xi JinpingPresident-elect Trump kept up his criticism of Beijing during the rally, which was part of a “thank you tour” to express gratitude to states that helped him win an upset victory over Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton last month.  They haven't played by the rulesGETTY“You have the massive theft of intellectual property, putting unfair taxes on our companies, not helping with the menace of North Korea like they should, and the at-will and massive devaluation of their currency and product dumping,” President-elect Trump said of China. “Other than that, they've been wonderful, right?”   GETTYPresident-elect Trump criticised China repeatedly during his presidential campaignChina is not currently viewed as a currency manipulator by either the US Treasury Department or the International Monetary Fund. The World Trade Organisation says Chinese tariffs on imported goods are generally higher than US tariffs. President-elect Trump brought his pick for ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, onstage, saying Governor Branstad always encouraged him not to say anything negative about China in his state.  GETTYTrump drew protests from China after taking a telephone call from President Tsai Ing-wen of Taiwan“I have so many friends there,” President-elect Trump said Branstad would tell him. Branstad has said he and Chinese President Xi Jinping have a 30-year friendship. The Iowa governor has visited China at least six times, and Xi has been to Iowa twice. Trump repeated his campaign message that he planned to prioritize the United States and American workers over global interests. The Trump administration, which takes office on January 20, would focus on two rules: “Buy American and hire American,” he said, adding he would keep pressuring companies not to move jobs overseas.
