WW3: Former CIA worker reveals how he ‘stopped DEVASTATING attack from China'
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1070334/ww3-former-cia-worker-stopped-attack-china-spt
 20:51, Thu, Jan 10, 2019 
   Larry Woetzel is chairman of the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission but formally worked as a CIA agent. He revealed how the CIA was on the verge of purchasing 16,000 computers from a Chinese company, that may have been infected with a virus. Mr Woetzel revealed other US government departments were attacked by computers purchased from the same company. Related articles   WW3 WARNING: US troops forming 'strategic encirclement' around China   WW3 threat: US 'CHRONICALLY UNDERFUNDED' for fight against China... He detailed during Amazon Prime’s “China vs USA: Empires at War” documentary how, in March 2006, his department almost purchased 16,000 computers from Lenovo.The Chinese corporation had just bought out American company IBM and were ready to supply vital network technology to circulate defence data. Some of these computers were meant for networks that circulate secret defence data.Mr Woetzel detailed: “I have been an intelligence officer for more than 25 years and worked in counterintelligence.  Larry Woetzel may have prevented an attack (Image: GETTY/AMAZON)  Hackers could have attacked the CIA (Image: GETTY) I knew it was technically possible to alter and embed software and hardwareLarry Woetzel“I knew it was technically possible to alter and embed software and hardware into a computer that could allow access to our whole network. “The entire bureau of export was attacked and shut down by a devastating attack from hackers and the state department lost [access to] computers because of hackers from China.“I knew these things could happen and they are still happening.“I can only say in many cases we know they are coming and where from, but I can’t go into more details.”  The CIA was posed to purchase computers from Lenovo (Image: WIKI)  Trump has previously spoken about the threat from CHina (Image: GETTY)Relations between China and the US have been tense over the last decade, as both countries attempt to become the global superpower. Xi Jinping and Donald Trump regularly flex their military and economic muscles in a show of force to each other.However, it appears the war online is fast becoming just as important as conflict on land, sea and air.
