Jacob Zuma announces plans to step down as South African president next month
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/876041/Jacob-Zuma-ANC-South-Africa-president-announces-plans-to-step-down
 00:01, Mon, Nov 6, 2017 
  GETTYJacob Zuma met with Angela Merkel at the G20 Summit in HamburgSpeaking at an Oliver Tambo lecture at Kagiso, west of Johannesburg, Zuma said that he was happy to step down."I will have time to talk to branches in whatever way I want. I am very happy that I am leaving my position in December," he said. He was three hours late for the event but his supporters did not seem to mind and cheered him to the rafters when he did finally show his face.ANC members wore t-shirts bearing the face of presidential hopeful Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma.  Related articles   Mass brawl breaks out during parliamentary opening in South Africa   South African president Jacob Zuma survives no-confidence motion in...   GETTYJacob Zuma addressed the U.N. General Assembly at the United Nations in New York I am not leaving the ANC. I am leaving as presidentJacob ZumaMany of those present were brought in from other areas along the West Rand. Zuma expressed his displeasure with some ANC leaders who had spoken at similar events across the country. "Some used this opportunity to attack the organisation and other leaders. They acted like they knew Tambo, some even said there is no longer a good leadership in the party."Zuma said that after the December elective conference he will deal with those who spoke ill of him.   GETTYJacob Zuma met with Chinese president Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan at the BRICS 2017 Summit "As a president, I have to uphold the values of the ANC. I have to maintain a certain standard, but after December, when someone insults me, I will have an opportunity to talk back. At conferences, I will be an ordinary delegate like everyone else."Zuma explained that he was not campaigning this year because he was ready to leave. "I am not leaving the ANC. I am leaving as president," he explained. 
