North Korea v USA news live: Donald Trump warns Kim Jong-un will ‘TRULY REGRET’ attacks
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/840215/North-Korea-v-USA-news-war-threats-Donald-Trump-threatens-Kim-Jong-un-attacks-live
 11:00, Mon, Aug 14, 2017 
   China, Russia and Germany sound alarm over war of words Donald Trump says the US military is ‘locked and loaded’ North Korea prepares missile strike near the US territory of GuamUS intelligence warns Pyongyang has nuclear intercontinental ballistic missilesHere are live updates and breaking news on the war of words between Kim Jong-un's North Korea v Donald Trump's America. (All times BST)READ LIVE UPDATES ON MONDAY AUGUST 14: NORTH KOREA V USA NEWS LIVE Related articles   North Korea will 'TRULY REGRET' any attack on US territory, says Trump   Donald Trump: US military ‘locked and loaded’ for war with North Korea Sunday August 1310pm: Canadian pastor see release as 'gesture of goodwill'A Canadian pastor believes that he was released by North Korea last week as part as a bid to reduce pressue on Pyongyang. Hyeon Soo Lim said: “I believe Kim Jong-un let me go as a gesture of goodwill in the face of so much rhetoric.”6pm North Korea ignores war threats and holds huge partyHuge rallies, performances and speeches will be held across North Korea's capital as part of a five-day celebration that began yesterday. Thousands of civilians are expected to pay tribute to statues of their former leaders, who are still hailed as demigods. The party will coincide with North Korea’s Liberation Day celebration on Tuesday, which marks Korea's World War Two victory over Japan. 3.05pm: North Korea could be preparing a submarine missile launch Satellite images taken over North Korea suggest that the regime could be about to launch a submarine ballistic missile.Joseph Bermudez, a specialist on North Korean defence, posted the aerial images on the 38 North blog of the US-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins University. He said: “Recent commercial satellite imagery reveals several developments suggesting that North Korea may be accelerating the development of the sea-based leg of its nuclear forces." 2.40pm: CIA says another missile test could be imminentMike Pompeo, director of the Central Intelligence Agency, has said he would not be surprised if North Korea was about to carry out another missile test.He told Fox News: "I am quite confident that (Kim Jong-un) will continue to try to develop his missile programme, so it wouldn't surprise me if there was another missile test. “He conducted two in July, so it wouldn't surprise me if there was another missile test.”  GETTYNorth Korea latest: Satellite imagery of a submarine installation12.30pm: Britain could be dragged into North Korean conflictTrevor Taylor, from the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) think tank, believes that the UK would likely join the US if North Korea starts a war. He told Express.co.uk: “If there was a protracted war in that area as a result of North Korean aggression then the Brits would feel obliged to support."9am: Britain needs to be 'honest broker' in North Korean talks, expert says Nuclear expert Colonel Hamish de Bretton-Gordon said: “There is a case to be made for the British Government to act as honest broker between the US, China and Russia and the DPRK.“China and Russia have agreed to sanctions, but are still keeping their distance despite having reach in the region. The UN Security Council could do more to persuade them, but its ineptness over Syria shows its limitations.“Britain... still commands diplomatic credibility in the region." The chemical weapons adviser is the former commander of Britain’s Joint Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Regiment and Nato’s Rapid Reaction CBRN Battalion.  AFP/GETTYNorth Korea latest: Britain has been urged to play a more central role in the nuclear stand-offSaturday August 1210.50pm Donald Trump has warned North Korea that there could be a “bad solution” if the rogue state doesn’t back down from its plans to launch a nuclear attack on Guam.The president issued another round of tough talk to Kim Jong Un's regime just hours after telling the hermit state that the US was “locked and loaded.”He said: “We will see what happens. We think that lots of good things can happen and we can also have a bad solution. ”8.30pm: Donald Trump speaks outPresident Trump said he believes Japan and South Korea think he is "doing a good job" on handling aggression from the North.When asked about the prospect of nuclear war he said "hopefully it will all work out".6.35pm: Details emerge on phone call between Donald Trump nand Chinese president During a phone call between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Donald Trump, China asked Tump to back down.He said “concerned parties” should avoid “remarks and actions” that could escalate tensions on the Korean peninsul.Speaking on the phone, the Chinese leader called for calm, according to the state-run New China News Agency.The President said China wants to ensure stability in the region - and he said he will work with the US -despite Trump’s constant criticism of China.5.12pm: Pastor returns home to Canada after detention in North KoreaPastor Hyeon Soo Lim today arrived home in Canada where he is resting after being reunited with his family following a long trek from North Korea, where he had been imprisoned since 2015. Family members will hold a press conference at his church in the Toronto suburb of Mississauga, family spokeswoman Lisa Pak said in a statement.Lim, a leader of one of Canada's largest churches, had been sentenced to hard labor for life in December 2015 on charges of attempting to overthrow the North Korean regime.North Korea's KCNA news agency said on Wednesday that he was released on humanitarian grounds, though his family later said he was not in critical condition.  Reuters North Korea vs USA live: South Korea-born Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim at a North Korean court 4pm: US risks North Korea's fury by pushing ahead with drillsThe US and South Korea will proceed as planned with a joint military exercise on August 21, an action sure to further anger North Korea.2.55pm: ‘Back channels’ revealed between North Korea and US Donald Trump has said he does not want to talk about diplomatic ‘back channels’ with North Korea after US media reported on several months of diplomacy. According to reports, Joseph Yun, the US envoy for North Korea policy, had engaged in diplomacy for several months with Pak Song Il, a senior diplomat at Pyongyang's UN mission.But Daniel Russel, former top US diplomat for East Asia, said this so-called New York channel had been a relatively commonplace means of communication with North Korea over the years."It's never been a vehicle for negotiations and this doesn't constitute substantive US-DPRK dialogue," he said.  TwitterNorth Korea vs USA live: Boris Johnson says North Korea is responsible and 'must fix it' 1.45pm: Macron calls for deescalation of tensions Emmanuel Macron "calls for all parties to act responsibly and prevent any further escalation in tensions," the Elysee palace said.The statement came after the French socialist party has criticised his failure to speak out on the growing North Korea threat. The party’s statement said: “Russia and China are worried. South Korea and Japan are getting ready. Meanwhile, France is silent.”1pm: Donald Trump vs Kim Jong-un is ‘total mismatch’Donald Trump versus Kim Jong-un is a “total mismatch” and the US would obliterate North Korea if the crisis escalated into war, a former Russian general Leonid Ivashov said. Discussing the prospect of war, Mr Ivashov said: ““The US is a superpower, while North Korea is a small regional player. North Korea can’t compete with America on any level.”   AFP GettyNorth Korea v US live: AC-3 surface-to-air missile interceptor deployed in Kaita, Hiroshima11.24pm: Boris Johnson says North Korea 'must fix it' Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson‏ tweets: “The North Korean regime is the cause of this problem and they must fix it“The international community is shoulder to shoulder in ensuring North Korea stops its aggressive acts.“We are working with the US and our partners in the region to bring this crisis to a diplomatic end.” 11.10am: Donald Trump tells Guam: ‘We are with you 1,000 per cent’  In a telephone conversation, Donald Trump told the Governor of Guam: “We are with you 1,000 per cent. You are safe.”  Guam Governor Eddie Calvo thanked the President and said: “I have never felt more safe or so confident than with you at the helm.” North Korea's army is finalising plans to launch four missiles into the waters just off the coast of the US Pacific territory of Guam in mid-August.   Reuters Facebook North Korea v USA: Donald Trump tells the Governor of Guam that the US Pacific territory is safe 11.05am: Japan rushes missiles to major citiesJapan has rushed missiles and anti-missile defence systems to Hiroshima and other cities under the path a North Korean missile may take. Mr Trump's bluster doe not appear to be backed by significant military mobilisation on either side of the Pacific, while Pyongyang reportedly remains calm.11am: North Korea: Nearly 3.5million enlist in army North Korea said that nearly 3.5million workers, party members and soldiers volunteered to join or rejoin its army to resist new UN sanctions and to fight against the US. Rodong Sinmun, North Korea's official newspaper, said the volunteers had offered to join or rejoin the People's Army after the Korea Central News Agency (KCNA) issued a statement on Monday condemning new sanctions imposed by the UN in retaliation for missile tests.  Reuters North Korea vs USA: Donald Trump and Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Hamburg3am: Xi tells Trump to seek peaceful resolution: Chinese state media The Chinese President Xi Jinping told Donald Trump the North Korean nuclear issue requires a peaceful resolution through talks, according to Chinese state media. "Concerned parties must exercise restraint and avoid remarks and actions that escalate tensions on the Korean peninsula," it cited Mr Xi as saying.2am: Trump and Xi oppose North Korea's ‘escalatory' behaviour: White House Donald Trump and the Chinese President Xi Jinping reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearise the Korean peninsula in a phone call, the White House said in a statement."President Trump and President Xi agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behavior," the statement said, adding their relationship was "an extremely close one, and will hopefully lead to a peaceful resolution of the North Korea problem."  Getty North Korea v USA news live: Angela Merkel warns that there is no 'military solution' Friday August 1110pm: Guam told to prepare for missile threatIn guidance titled Preparing for an Imminent Missile Threat, Guam Homeland Security advised seeking out in advance windowless shelters in homes, schools and offices, with concrete "dense enough to absorb radiation".It said if an attack warning came, residents should seek shelter and stay there for at least 24 hours. Those caught outside should lay down, cover their heads and "not look at the flash or fireball" to avoid going blind.9pm: Trump says maybe Merkel was 'speaking for Germany’ Donald Trump dismissed Angela's warning about his approch to North Korea saying "maybe she's speaking for Germany". 8.55pm: Trump warns North Korea will ‘truly regret’ attacksUS President Donald Trump has said that North Korea will “truly regret” any actions against Guam, any other US territory or any US allies.Speaking from his New Jersey golf resort, he added: “I hope that they are going to fully understand the gravity of what I said, and what I said is what I mean."Those words are very easy to understand."  AFP GettyNorth Korea v USA news live: Donald Trump at his golf course in Bedminster North Jersey on Friday6pm: Merkel: ’There is no military solution'Speaking at a at a Berlin press conference, Angela Merkel took the opportunity to criticise Donald Trump’s handling of the North Korean stand-off.She said: "I believe that an escalation of rhetoric will not contribute to a solution of this conflict."3.30pm: Russia warns the military risks are ‘very high’ Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned: "Unfortunately, the rhetoric in Washington and Pyongyang is now starting to go over the top.He said: "We still hope and believe that common sense will prevail."Asked about the risks of the stand-off escalating into armed conflict, he said: "The risks are very high, especially taking into account the rhetoric."  Twitter North Korea v USA live: Donald Trump retweets warning that bombers stand ready on Guam12.30pm: Trump: US Military is ‘locked and loaded’Donald Trump tweeted: “Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely. “Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!” The latest threat comes after the US President declared that his 'fire and fire warning' to North Korea may not have been tough enough.  FOR PREVIOUS UPDATES CLICK HERE: NORTH KOREA V USA LIVE
