North Korea nuclear threat: Kim Jong-un ‘playing US and China off against each other’
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1066664/north-korea-news-nuclear-threat-US-China-kim-jong-un-New-Year-address
 13:48, Thu, Jan 3, 2019 
  An official picture shows Kim sat in a large leather armchair (Image: GETTY)Kim’s televised appearance differed from previous years in a number of ways which indicated “an almost exuberant confidence”, according to Ruediger Frank, Professor of East Asian Economy and Society at the University of Vienna. In his annual New Year’s speech, Kim said: "We even might find ourselves in a situation where we have no other choice but to find a new way for defending the sovereignty of the country and the supreme interests of the state and for achieving peace and stability of the Korean peninsula," a comment widely interpreted to be aimed directly at US President Donald Trump. In an article written for the 38 North website, Professor Frank downplayed suggestions that the Kim was planning further nuclear tests, saying: “Rather, Kim’s confidence stems from the expectation of growing and reliable support by China. The three summits with Xi Jinping in 2018 seem to have made Kim Jong Un very optimistic. Related articles   Donald Trump sent mystery letter from Kim Jong-un   WW3: North Korean tourist guide admits 'we WANT to fight US'  “The ongoing trade war between Beijing and Washington, including the arrest of a top manager of Chinese telecom giant Huawei in Canada, creates the impression among strategists in Pyongyang of a Cold War 2.0 situation. “Like in the decades before the collapse of the Soviet Union, supporting smaller allies could again become a matter of principle for the Big Powers even if these allies step out of line occasionally.“The not unfounded hope of Kim Jong-un is that in such a strategic setting, China would be willing to provide protection and economic support while abstaining from too massive direct interference.”Prof. Frank said “forcing the US out of Korea, and out of East Asia” was more important to Beijing than “reigning in a self-confident or even provocative North Korea.”  There have been suggestions Kim is preparing to resume missile testing (Image: Rodong)He added: “I thus interpret Kim’s threat of ‘find a new way’ not as a hit at more nuclear tests, but rather as a message to Donald Trump: ‘You are not our only option for security and economic development.“If you refuse to be cooperative, we will ignore you are turn to China.’”Prof. Frank suggested Kim was play a similar game to grandfather and former North Korean leader Kim Il Sung in the 1950s at the height of the Cold War, in this instance playing the two superpowers, led respectively by Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping, off against one another in a bid to win concessions.He added: “And in case the two Big Powers refuse to play, he can, unlike the situation in the 1950s, use his nuclear threat to force them to play attention. Related articles   World War 3: North Korea EVEN bigger danger after Kim Jong-un THREAT   Kim Jong-Un’s SECRET Switzerland trip: Supreme leader ‘used FAKE do...   Ruediger Frank believes Kim Jong-un was sending a direct message to US President Donald Trump (Image: GETTY) South Korea must be careful not to become a pawn in this gameProfessor Ruediger Frank“South Korea must be careful for to become a pawn in this game.”Prof. Frank also noted subtle changes in the way the speech was delivered compared with previous years.He said: “For the first time since Kim Jong-un started giving televised New Year’s speeches in 2013, the setup was reminiscent of a North Korean version of a state of the union address.”Instead of speaking from a podium, Kim sat in a large armchair in once of his offices.During his speech, which lasts 31 minutes year begins at 12.03 and ends at 12.55, leaving 21 minutes unaccounted for, Kim does not look at the camera once.   Prof. Frank added: “Kim in addition reached out to non-Koreans: “dear comrades and friends”.“This showed the confidence and self-perception of North Korea as a global player, based on the country’s status as a nuclear power and the broad international recognition after the 2018 summits in China, South Korea and Singapore.”In fact, Prof. Frank said the very first sentence spoken by Kim “points at what is perhaps the most important message of the whole speech”. “Kim uses the formulation ‘undeletable deep historical footprint’.“In other words, Kim regards the achievements of 2018 as irreversible, no matter what the enemy – namely, the US and conservative forces in South Korea – will do.“If we look at this together with the key sentence in the whole speech, we see an almost exuberant confidence.”
