Power to the people: The emergence of the Northern Powerhouse
https://www.express.co.uk//life-style/property/619769/Northern-Powerhouse-property-transport-Manchester-Liverpool-Sheffield-Chester
 14:00, Mon, Nov 16, 2015 
  PHStylish new X1 Media City flats in Salford Quays, ManchesterBut what about the rest of the north of the country? According to Graham Davidson, managing director of Manchester-based property investment specialist Sequre Property Investment, Land Registry figures show a strong performance in the Trafford district of Greater Manchester – but also in Yorkshire and in particular around the River Humber. “Manchester has high levels of demand, both from students and working professionals in areas such as Salford Quays, contributing to a buoyant rental market with low risk of void periods,” says Davidson. “The Humber region, Chester, Wakefield and Sheffield are also all performing well for our investors.” His assessment is backed by Martin Robinson, director of sales at Hunters Property Group, who says: “We have felt for some time that confidence has returned to the markets in Yorkshire and The Humber and this month’s figures confirm this.“This is yet another indication that the economy is thriving in the North and that the Northern Powerhouse effect is really taking place.   GETTYLiverpool has enjoyed a renaissance after years of investment and regeneration“Hunters has experienced a 30 to 40 per cent increase in investors looking to put their money in the North as buyers across the UK realise they can get more for their money here.” The Humber region, Chester, Wakefield and Sheffield are also all performing well for our investorsGraham Davidson, Sequre Property Investment managing directorNicholas Leeming, chairman of Jackson-Stops & Staff adds: “Yorkshire and The Humber have performed exceptionally well, reflecting the increased confidence and investment in the Northern Powerhouse.” However Paul Smith, CEO of haart estate agents, is not so forthright: “We’ve seen no real evidence of a Northern Powerhouse emerging as yet but people will be driven out of cities like London, Bristol and Cambridge to the regions as a direct result of a lack of property stock and rising prices,” he says. “If we see the right investment in the Northern Powerhouse it could well take off and we should know more about this after the Spending Review toward the end of November.” Smith predicts a “tale of two countries” in 2016, with national price increases of up to 10 per cent across the UK, but only about 4 per cent in London because of the impact of higher stamp duty on homes over £1million. Stephanie McMahon, Strutt & Parker’s head of research, is equally circumspect: “The Northern Powerhouse is a much-used phrase, however, immediate change is unlikely due to the long-term nature of infrastructure improvements. That said, city region autonomy will for the first time allow genuine management of local transport services and infrastructure – which will certainly have a positive impact in the medium to longer term.”   GETTYInvestors are starting to realise their money stretches further in northern cities like SheffieldMcMahon praises the redevelopment of Birmingham New Street railway station into a modern transport and shopping hub and adds: “The cities across the UK are investing heavily in public realm and connectivity.”Investment in transport has secured Manchester its leading role in the North: Manchester Airport’s first direct service to mainland China was announced when China’s Prime Minister Xi Jinping visited last month, and comes after the announcement of a £1billion expansion plan. Redevelopment of Victoria Station will allow 700 more trains a day through the city by 2019, with its Oxford Road and Piccadilly stations expected to be substantially upgraded along with the construction of a new rail link between the two – Ordsall Chord.   GETTYChinese President Xi Jinping visited Manchester last monthAccording to online estate agent HouseSimple, Manchester city centre will be the UK’s property hotspot for the next 10 years. “Manchester’s a modern, thriving city,” says Jonathan Stephens, managing director of Surrenden Invest. “It is already a great city in terms of transport links and the modern railway revolution that is currently taking place there is going to be a game-changer in terms of improving access. “If Manchester is serious about being the centre of the Northern Powerhouse then its property sector needs to be building homes that are worthy of that position.”
