WW3 WARNING: Expert reveals US troops forming 'strategic encirclement' around China
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1069803/ww3-world-war-3-news-donald-trump-US-news-latest-today-china-north-korea-peace-treaty
 07:15, Thu, Jan 10, 2019 
   A majority of Donald Trump’s administration does not want to achieve a peace agreement with North Korea, as they wish to keep troops in South Korea and form a “strategic encirclement” of China, contends a former US diplomat. Jim Jatras also claimed that what President Trump and what his administration want are not “necessarily the same thing”. The GOP Senate foreign policy advisor told RT America: “If anybody thinks those Americans are there to defend South Korea from North Korea, they’re drinking something I would like to get a bottle of. No, they’re there as a counter to China to a lesser extent to Russia. It’s part of a strategic encirclement of China. Related articles   Trump brings US government to BRINK but why is government shutdown?    US shutdown: When was longest US government shutdown? “Of course this also includes the South China Sea, but it’s really a pretext more than anything else.”Referring to President Trump, Mr Jatras said earlier in the programme: “I think he’s certainly hedging.“I think part of the problem, that has been all along with this administration, is what the President wants and what the people around him want aren’t necessarily the same thing.“We’ve seen this of course with Syria, and I think most of the people in his administration do not want this deal with North Korea.  WW3 warning: US troops in South Korea are forming a "strategic encirclement", claims an ex-diplomat (Image: Getty) It’s part of a strategic encirclement of ChinaJim Jatras“Because if there actually is a deal with North Korea then North Korea demilitarises and we remove the sanctions, and there’ a peace agreement between the North and the South, why do we need 29,000 Americans in South Korea?“We don’t, they can come home and they don’t want that. They want to make sure we stay in South Korea forever.”The comments follow Kim Jong-Un arriving in China to hold a private meeting with President Xi Jinping, amid expectations of an upcoming second summit between the North Korean leader and US President Donald Trump.The content of the meeting between the Chinese President and the North Korean leader is unknown.   Kim is accompanied by his wife Ri Sol Ju and leading officials, according to North Korean state news.The relationship between the North Korean dictator and the US President has been unprecedentedly friendly in recent months.Despite starting his Presidency with explosive rhetoric against Kim, Trump has changed his tone considerably, and even went so far as to say “we fell in love” in September last year.Meanwhile, the US and China have agreed to a temporary ceasefire on new tariffs at the G20 meeting, amid an escalating trade war between them.Trump said: “I think at some point we are going to end up doing something great for China and great for the United States.”Mr Xi said cooperation with the US would serve in the interest of “peace and prosperity”.
