'A deal is in the making' Trump reveals arrangements with North Korea are underway
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/930024/donald-trump-kim-jong-un-north-korea-nuclear-missile-talks
 00:01, Sun, Mar 11, 2018 
   A meeting could see the end of the threat North Korea’s nuclear missile programme has been posing to peace.Kim unexpectedly suggested last week that he was open to a face-to-face encounter with the President, which could take place before May.After visiting the dictator, South Korea’s national security adviser Chung Eui Yong told the White House Kim was now committed to de-nuclearisation.Donald Trump responded yesterday saying: “The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the world. Time and place to be determined.”Last night he Tweeted: “North Korea has not conducted a missile test since November 28, 2017, and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honour that commitment!”  GETTYThe North Korea deal is in the works, and President Trump has high expectations Related articles   Trump international risks law-breaking   Donald Trump BLASTS EU for PLEADING over tariffs    GETTYTrump also said North Korea will not conduct teats until talks are complete The deal with North Korea is very much in the makingDonald TrumpHe also revealed in a tweet: “Chinese president Xi Jinping and I spoke at length about the meeting with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. President Xi told me he appreciates that the US is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful.”Experts praised Mr Trump’s foreign policy strategy, labelled the “madman theory”, which has also seen China fully support sanctions against its neighbour.Robert Manning, a former US State Department mandarin who advised the White House on North Korea between 2001 and 2008, said: “Kim’s behaviour since January has been extraordinary."I’ve been watching North Korea for 30 years and I’ve never seen anything like it. Something lit a fire.“His father Kim Jong-il was old and didn’t think about the future. Kim Jong Un is only 34. He has promised economic prosperity and he can’t deliver because sanctions are hurting. He sees the US is successful with China in getting them to enforce sanctions, that’s new. The madman theory is working. He’s intimidated China into feeling he will start a war, and I’m sure he’s scared Kim Jong Un as well.”   Meanwhile former basketball star Dennis Rodman has emerged as an unlikely special envoy for the peace deal with North Korea.The 6ft 7in NBA superstar yesterday offered to use his “special relationship” with both the President and Kim Jong Un to act as a go-between.Rodman has visited the closed, secretive state as a VIP guest at least three times since 2013 and refers to Kim as “my friend”.On one trip he presented his tyrannical host with Mr Trump’s 1987 best-selling business book The Art Of The Deal.The 56-year-old, who also became friends with Mr Trump after appearing on the celebrity version of his TV show The Apprentice, said he was willing to use “basketball diplomacy” to broker an agreement.Last night Professor Joseph Terwilliger of Columbia University who accompanied Rodman on one trip, said: “I don’t suspect very many Americans would have chosen him but Dennis has had a long friendship with Mr Trump and a very cordial friendship with Mr Kim.”
