Jeremy Hunt: My horror at plight of persecuted Christians
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/1116745/jeremy-hunt-persecuted-christians-campaign
 14:09, Sat, Apr 20, 2019 
    var brightcoveBrandsafety='' Mr Hunt has written 40 letters to bolster the spirits of people under attack for their beliefs across the world. They included a message to 90-year old Dutch missionary Brother Andrew, who founded Open Doors, a charity supporting persecuted Christians. At the height of the Cold War, he risked his life by smuggling bibles to Christians in communist countries. Related articles   END OF MAY: Who would YOU pick as next Tory leader? VOTE in our poll   Jeremy Hunt launches blistering attack on 'MARXIST' Corbyn   I want you to know that the UK stands in solidarity with persecuted Christians around the worldJeremy HuntMr Hunt said: "As a man of faith, free to practise in line with my conscience, I am appalled at the plight of the 245 million Christians worldwide currently facing persecution as a result of their belief."I want you to know that the UK stands in solidarity with persecuted Christians around the world."Freedom of religion or belief is a human right enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. People from all faiths or none should be free to practise as they wish."I will continue to make this case for the millions who suffer as a result of their beliefs and British diplomats will continue to advocate for all those denied the right to practise their faith." Open Doors says about 245 million Christians were persecuted last year, with an average of 300 killed every month. It says persecution is most extreme in North Korea, followed by Afghanistan and Somalia.  Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt (Image: NurPhoto/Getty Images)The Prince of Wales also raised the issue in a newspaper article, saying: "It is all too easy at this time, I know, to feel overwhelmed by the darkness, and by all that is going on in the world."It is truly devastating to know of the numbers of people of all faiths around the world who are suffering simply because of their religion." Among the most high-profile cases is Asia Bibi, a Christian woman who faced death threats after being acquitted of blasphemy in Pakistan.She spent eight years on death row after being accused of insulting the Prophet Mohammad until her conviction was overturned last year, which sparked violent protests. She has been in hiding since. Open Doors has reported a surge in persecution across China, accusing President Xi Jinping of overseeing a crackdown on the faithful. In December Mr Hunt launched an independent review of persecution, which is being led by the Bishop of Truro, the Rt Rev Philip Mounstephen.Open Doors chief executive Henrietta Blyth said Mr Hunt's review was a "great first step", but added: "The proof of the pudding will be if it delivers concrete change for persecuted Christians and if its recommendations are also adopted by other government departments."
