Pound euro exchange rate: GBP/EUR sinks as Irish backstop concessions fail to convince MPs
https://www.express.co.uk//finance/city/1099056/Pound-euro-exchange-rate-Irish-backstop-concessions-MPs-unconvinced-tfx
 12:54, Tue, Mar 12, 2019 
  Pro-EU MPs Dominic Grieve and a bleary-eyed Anna Soubry (Image: Thierry Monasse/Getty )The pro-EU Tory MP Dominic Grieve said that he would vote against Mrs May’s deal, saying: “If the public want to leave on these terms ... so be it. But for us to leave on these terms, which I have to say take us into a second-rate relationship for the future and one which I think will do this country economic harm, I am unwilling to do without the public confirming their view.”Subject to the outcome of today’s vote, we may see further votes on Wednesday which provide MPs with the possibility to vote for a no deal. If this also fails there will be a vote on Thursday for an extension to Article 50. Jean-Claude Juncker, the President of the European Commission put further pressure on Parliament today warning that there is “no third chance”. Mr Juncker issued a warning to British MPs ahead of this evening’s vote, saying: “Let us speak crystal clear about the choice – it is this deal or Brexit might not happen at all.” Related articles   Crunch week? Well, we're all hoping so - EXPRESS COMMENT   GBP/USD slides despite UK GDP smashing expectations Today saw the publication of the UK GDP figures for January which surged to 0.5 percent against December’s -0.4 percent. Economic data, however, has been generally overshadowed by the Brexit vote. The euro, meanwhile, has benefited against Sterling as many single currency traders focus on the meeting of the Economic and Financial Affairs Council today.Any dovish comments made here about the Eurozone’s economy could prove euro-negative. Yesterday saw the development of a future Eurozone budget that would provide loans and grants to various countries within the zone, restoring some confidence that cohesion is developing between the 19 countries that share the single currency.  Nevertheless, such cohesion could be undone next week when Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Rome for an official visit to discuss his country’s New Silk Road project, with fears in Brussels that Italy may be eyeing closer relations with Beijing.  In the meantime, the GBP/EUR exchange rate will remain sensitive to Brexit developments, and with any signs of Mrs May’s Brexit deal being rejected by MPs in today’s vote could see the pound plummet further against the euro.
