World War 3: India army is 4th most powerful in WORLD - but who supports Pakistan?
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/1093279/world-war-3-india-army-powerful-pakistan-allies-support-air-strike
 14:24, Wed, Feb 27, 2019 
   Pakistan has closed its airspace after shooting down two Indian military jets on Wednesday. Airlines including Emirates and Qatar Airways have suspended flights to Pakistan today, with flight tracking portals showing Singapore Airlines, British Airways and others were being forced to reroute flights. Many planes flying over India and Pakistan on their way to Europe, the Middle East and Asia were routed through Mumbai on India's western coast, so they could head further south and avoid Pakistan air space, an Indian government official told Reuters. Related articles   Defcon warning system INCREASES threat level as India and Pakistan ...   World War 3: Safest countries in the world to escape to  The Pakistani regulator said in a tweet: "Civil Aviation Authority of Pakistan has officially closed its airspace until further notice.” Mark Martin, founder and chief executive at Martin Consulting India, said about 800 flights a day use the India-Pakistan air corridor, making it "very critical". The latest fighting was sparked after 40 Indian parliamentary police were killed in a suicide car bombing by Pakistan-based militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir on February 14.On Tuesday, India responded by launching an air strike on what it said was a militant training base.  Indian Border Security Force personnel walk along a fence at the India Pakistan border (Image: GETTY)How powerful is the Indian army? India’s army is the fourth most powerful military power in the world, according to the Global Fire Power Index 2017.The army is almost as powerful as the USA, Russia and China. India’s military is made up of of 13,62,500 personnel, while China has 37,12,500 military personnel.  Related articles   Pakistan nuclear weapons: Does Pakistan have nuclear weapons?    'It's WAR!' India sent GRAVE warning amid India-Pakistan conflict   World War 3: Airstrikes were carried out a day after Indian warplanes struck inside Pakistan (Image: GETTY)The Indian Air Force has 2102 aircraft, which includes 676 fighter and 809 attack - but still comes behind China, with 2,955 aircraft overall. Pakistan was ranked as 13th most powerful on the list of the most powerful militaries. Despite this, Pakistan has the backing of some of the other most powerful countries to call upon for help if needed. China is an ally of Pakistan, as well as Saudi Arabia.   World War 3: Imran Khan meets China's President Xi Jinping in Beijing (Image: GETTY)Turkey is also on the side of Pakistan, as they were formerly both part of an alliance formed by the USA against the Soviet Union. India has Russia on its side, as the pair have been close allies since its independence. They are also one of the biggest partners in bilateral trade. US President Donald Trump is also believed to be pro-India after he received a great of funding from Hindus during his campaign to be president in 2016.
