TRADE WAR: Farage blasts EU response to threats: 'They forgot what national interest is!'
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/942716/Trade-war-EU-news-Farage-US-Donald-Trump-latest-China-steel-Brussels-response-video
 16:39, Sat, Apr 7, 2018 
   Nigel Farage blasted the European Union for their meek response to threats of harsher duties on steel from US President Donald Trump.He also slammed the bloc for failing to support Mr Trump's attempts to rein-in Chinese "illicit trade practises" undermining US and EU sectors.Mr Farage told Fox&Friends Weekend: "I don’t see them joining Mr Trump."To be honest, the European Union is so in the grip of the big global businesses, arguing the globalist agenda, that they have kind of forgotten what national interest is all about.  EUROPARLIAMENT TV•FOX NEWSEU news: Nigel Farage mocked the EU's response to threats of a trade war with the US"I think the way he played the tariff game with the European Union was very clever. You know ‘I’m going to put tariffs on,’ they’ll scream ‘please don’t, please don’t Mr President.’ Oh, ok, ‘you know what, I won’t.’ But you know who’s the boss in that relationship."He added: "What the Chinese have done with steel is close down steel production all over the West."They did it deliberately, they did it willfully. It wasn’t about the money: it was about strategy so we become reliant on China in the future for steel. We have to stand up."Earlier this year Mr Trump warned the European Union they could face harsher tariffs if they do not open up their market.The EU is famously protectionist, ratcheting up tariffs against often less prosperous non-EU countries.    The European Union have kind of forgotten what national interest is all aboutNigel FarageThe US President the US announced he would impose a 25 percent tariff on all steel imports and 10 percent on aluminium, which has raised concerns over a trade war and affected global financial markets.His decision met with fury from both Brussels and Beijing, with Chinese President Xi Jinping retaliating with additional tariffs of 25 percent on 106 US goods including soybeans, autos, chemicals, some types of aircraft and corn products, among other agricultural goods, the finance ministry said on Wednesday. EU Commissioner Jean-Claude Juncker played down fears of a trade war with President Trump, saying: "We as the Commission have made it clear that we do not want a trade war.“Trade wars don't benefit anyone, but we are able and ready to take adequate counter-measures. We will see if this will be necessary.”Analysts suggested a full-blown trade war would cut global economic growth to two-and-a-half percent 2019 from three percent.
