Trump is READY for war but North Korea NEED to believe it amid World War 3 scare
https://www.express.co.uk//news/uk/877522/Donald-Trump-North-Korea-Latest-News-Kim-Jong-un-US-President-World-War-Three
 15:28, Thu, Nov 9, 2017 
   North Korea will not take note of Donald Trump's warning until they believe the US President will genuinely take military action against the hermit state.Donald Trump gave a chilling warning to North Korea during a speech in South Korea on Wednesday. Mr Trump said: “Today I hope I speak not only our country but for all civilised nations, when I say to the North, do not underestimate us and do not try us.”  Fox News' Marc Thiessen responded to his comments and said: “What I think President Trump was trying to do was make very, very clear last night that he is willing to take military action against the North Korean regime.   GettyDonald Trump warned that North Korea must not underestimate America“The problem is, the North Koreans really don’t believe it and it's going to take not just words but actions to disabuse them of the notion that they are untouchable."Mr Thiessen insisted Mr Trump's rhetoric echoed his military action in Syria following a chemical weapon attack by the Assad regime. He said: “I think President Trump has a model for what to do and it's what he did a few months into his presidency in Syria after the Syrian regime violated, once again, Barak Obama’s red line of not using chemical weapons after repeatedly doing so. “It took him less than two days to launch a military strike on the base that had launched that chemical attack. And that sent a signal to the Assad regime ‘you are not going to do that again or you’re going to face even worse’.”   Mr Thiessen insisted Donald Trump send a similar message to the North Korean regime. He said: “Trump has to say to the North Koreans ‘your days of testing Nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles are over, I’m declaring North Korea a no-fly zone for ballistic missiles and a no test zone for nuclear weapons’.“And if you try to test them, we’re going to take them out. Period.” Donald Trump announced on Thursday that he and Chinese president Xi Jinping had agreed to take a tougher attitude on North Korea. 
