China signs deal to produce online football games based on Super League
https://www.express.co.uk//news/world/844305/chinese-super-league-2017-online-game-fifa-18-football-crazy-sports
 00:01, Tue, Aug 22, 2017 
  GETTYChina signs deal to produce online football games based on Super LeagueThe Chinese Super League (CSL) said that it had signed a six-year partnership with Beijing-based developer Crazy Sports to develop football-related games based on 16 CSL teams and the league through 2022. Fans of football video games such as Electronic Arts Inc's top-selling Fifa franchise, have been closely watching the CSL's gaming plans as its deep-pocketed teams have recruited global stars such as Carlos Tevez, Oscar and Hulk in recent months.  Related articles   Watch: Oscar sparks mass brawl in Chinese Super League   Paulinho to Barcelona: Guangzhou boss Scolari confirms £36.5m transfer  The Chinese Super League is dedicated to expanding the influence and commercial value of the leagueMa ChengquanEA in June poured cold water on rumours that the CSL would feature in “Fifa 18”, the latest version of the franchise, citing licensing issues, according to sports website goal.com. EA has deals with leagues around the world including the Premier League and Italian Serie A. Crazy Sports said the CSL deal, that would give it non-exclusive rights, was worth more than 100 million yuan (£11.6million).   GETTYCSL has signed a six-year partnership with Crazy Sports to develop football related gamesStreaming revenue from the CSL-themed games could reach 1 billion yuan in 2020, the firm's chief executive Peng Xitao said. “The Chinese Super League is dedicated to expanding the influence and commercial value of the league. The development of CSL-themed games is a new revenue growth point for the league,” said CSL's chairman Ma Chengquan. They said that they would also make the games' content accessible to overseas gamers through European gaming partners From the Bench and Soccer Manager.    Crazy Sports, which also previously ran an online lottery platform through a separate business tie-up until the Chinese government started banning online lottery sales in 2015, said it hoped to convert its over 100 million sports lottery users to play the CSL games. China's football industry has lured in billions of yuan investment since President Xi Jinping, a self-professed football fan who repeatedly expressed desire for China to host a World Cup and eventually win one, came to power in 2012. A five-year deal to broadcast the games in China was sold at a record-high £933.6million in 2015 to China Sports Media. 
