How old is Blac Chyna, is she pregnant, who’s her new boyfriend, what’s her net worth and what is the sex tape leak?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/1776954/blac-chyna-rob-kardashian-sex-tape-leak-new-boyfriend-not-pregnant/
3rd May 2018, 12:10 pm
BLAC Chyna is a former stripper, turned Instagram star who has a child with Kim Kardashian's brother Rob and rapper Tyga.
The star - who shot to fame in 2010 when she was name-dropped by Drake - is now reportedly pregnant again. Here's the lowdown...
Splash News3 Blac Chyna is known for her outrageous outfits
Who is Blac Chyna, how old is she and how did she become famous?
Angela Renée White, known professionally as Blac Chyna, was born in Washington D.C. in 1988, and she's currently 28.
Starting off as a stripper and model, she decided to take the name Blac after an experience with a client.
She was stripping for a man named Black China who was a black man with eyes that looked as if they were Chinese.
Blac Chyna became well known after posing for both Dimepiece and Black Men's Magazine in 2010.
When Drake name-dropped her in his single Miss Me, a buzz began and she was even recruited to be a stunt double for Nicki Minaj in a music video.
Her urban modelling portfolio continued to grow and in February 2012 Blac was named as XXL Magazine's 'Eye Candy of the Month'.
The model's breakthrough came when she launched her own brand of fake eyelashes titled LASHED by Blac Chyna.
Getty Images3 The celeb was engaged to marry Rob Kardashian - they have now split
Who has Blac Chyna dated and when did she split from Robert Kardashian?
During the shooting of rapper Tyga's video for the single Rack City, Blac and Tyga began dating.
In December 2012 the pair got engaged, however they separated two years later and Tyga went on to date Kylie Jenner.
In April 2016 Blac announced her engagement to Rob Kardashian.
One month later, the couple announced that they were expecting a baby.
Their daughter Dream Kardashian was born in November 2016, but the couple split at the end of the year and Blac was seen without her engagement ring in February.
What is Blac Chyna's net worth and what work does she do now?
Blac Chyna's net worth is valued at approximately £2.9 million ($4 million) according to Celebrity Net Worth.
She has made her money from various business ventures, including a beauty salon, online clothes store and her own beauty brand.
The celeb also had a Keeping Up With the Kardashians spin-off show on E! called Rob & Chyna, which reportedly earned her £3.5 million ($5 million) .
She also gets paid around £8000 per public appearance, as well as being paid to promote products on her Instagram page.
Splash News3 Blac is constantly in the public eye
Has Blac Chyna got a new boyfriend? Is she pregnant?
On March 1, 2018 it was revealed that Blac has a new boyfriend - she's dating 18-year-old rapper YBN Almighty Jay.
The reality star was pictured holding hands with the rapper in Studio City, Los Angeles.
When Chyna was asked by TMZ if the pair were an item, she replied: “Yeah. We’re, like, dating.”
On May 1, 2018 it was reported the couple are having a baby.
However, on May 2, 2018, Chyna denied the pregnancy claims - but admitted she would like two more children.
Chyna said: "I wanna have maybe like two more [children]. I wouldn't mind having four; I think four is a good number," she told Us Magazine.
She added: "No more after that. Five is too many. I'd have to get a minivan for sure, and I'm not riding in no minivan."
The latest on Blac Chyna 'REVENGE PORN' BLAST Rob Kardashian's ex Blac Chyna goes to cops after sex tape leak beach bum Blac Chyna shows off her curves in a bikini on the beach for Valentine's shoot ‘DELETE THIS’ Fans blast Jesy Nelson for 'offending black people' with dreadlocks snap NICE SHARE PRICE Kim Kardashian makes £23k on stocks Kanye West bought her for Christmas THE X FILES Khloe Kardashian's boyfriend Tristan Thompson parties with TWO of her exes Kourt-ish pasties Kourtney Kardashian flashes heart shape nipple cover out with Kendall 
What is the Blac Chyna sex tape leak?
In February 2018 a sex tape featuring Black Chyna was leaked online.
The graphic footage show her performing a sex act on a man in a 1 minute, 23 seconds long clip, which was posted on an anonymous Twitter account.
The guy's face is never shown but his voice can be heard and the clip seems to have been filmed by him.
Chyna's attorney, Walter Mosley, told TMZ they were contacting police to investigate the video, admitting "it's a criminal matter".
Blac Chyna throws a toy car at a woman during a fight at Six Flags 

