Man Utd suffer biggest ever Euro loss after campaign when Fellaini scored their only home goal
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/8879217/man-utd-biggest-ever-european-loss-fellaini/
16th April 2019, 10:29 pm
MANCHESTER UNITED suffered their biggest-ever European loss against Barcelona - ending a campaign where Marouane Fellaini scored their only home goal.
The Premier League giants have never lost by more than four goals in a two-legged tie in Europe before their Barcelona crushing.
Getty2 Man Utd suffered their heaviest-ever European two-legged defeat at Barca
Lionel Messi scored twice, Philippe Coutinho netted a trademark screamer and David De Gea dropped a horror howler as United slipped to a 3-0 loss at the Nou Camp.
Nearly 20 years on to the day since United were celebrating on the same pitch after clinching the 1999 Treble following a famous comeback against Bayern Munich, their Champions League campaign was over.
Incredibly, despite reaching the quarter-finals, United managed to score just ONE at Old Trafford.
In their five matches at the Theatre Of Dreams, only Fellaini - now at Chinese Super League side Shandong Luneng - found the net.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer reacts after Barcelona beat Man Utd comfortably in the Champions League quarter-finals
COLD TRAFFORD
The Belgian, 31, fired home a late winner as United edged past Young Boys 1-0 in the group stage.
Aside from that, United drew blanks against Juventus and Valencia on their own turf, before failing to score in the home knockout ties with Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Co went into the second-leg at the Nou Camp full of hope, looking for another miraculous away comeback.
In the last-16, United somehow managed to batter PSG 3-1 at the Parc des Princes to advance on away goals after a 2-0 defeat in England.
MORE MAN UTD STORIESLive BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal Exclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld PARTEY TIME? Utd and Arsenal boost as Atletico's Partey refuses to rule out transfer 'you crook' Man Utd fans lay into Alexis Sanchez after flop reveals he is starring in movie PEPE LE CHEW Pepe's dad was prison guard - but he nearly lost career over stolen chocolate GossipA NEW STAR Man Utd 'ready to pay' £105m release clause for Benfica star Joao Felix spot on Cardiff Met keeper went without pen save for five years and now Man Utd could await RevealedPog off Real Madrid fans vote for top transfer signings with Hazard top and Pogba last Gossipbid not koul enough Man Utd have staggering £95m Koulibaly bid rejected by Napoli 
But after a bright start, with Marcus Rashford hitting the bar, the Red Devils were never really in the game.
Messi scored a stunning opener, before his tame, right-footed shot somehow slipped through the hands of De Gea to all-but kill-off the tie.
Coutinho then curled in a stunning shot from 25 yards to rub salt into the wound and send United crashing out of Europe's top table.
Getty2 Fellaini scored Man Utd's only home goal of the 2018-19 Euro run
Man Utd and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer exit the Champions League at the hands of Messi and Barcelona

