Manchester United joined by Chinese Super League clubs in race for Benfica ace Anderson Talisca
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6462339/man-united-transfer-news-benfica-anderson-talisca/
6th June 2018, 12:01 pm
MANCHESTER UNITED have been linked with a move for Benfica midfielder Anderson Talisca.
And it has been reported the Red Devils have lodged a £35million bid for the star.
Getty3 Manchester United have reportedly bid £35m for Benfica striker Anderson Talisca
But O Jogo claim Jose Mourinho will face strong competition from two unnamed Chinese Super League clubs for the ace.
Those two sides are believed to have matched United’s offer.
Talisca would likely earn more money in the Far East, but if Mourinho is interested, then he will be hoping the ace will be tempted by the challenge of firing them back to the title rather than cash.
The 24-year-old has been on-loan at Turkish giants Besiktas since 2016.
Getty3 The star is also wanted by two Chinese Super League clubs
Getty3 Anderson Talisca has spent the last two seasons on loan at Besiktas
The Brazil Under-23 international helped them to the title during his first season by scoring 13 times in 21 games.
He followed that up with 20 in 47 last season, including four in eight Champions League matches.

MART-Y MCFLY Spurs ‘step up pursuit of Martial with talks set to start’

Talisca is a client of Jorges Mendes and has recently been rumoured to be a target for newly-promoted Wolves.
Roma are also believed to be keen on bringing the attacker to Italy.
LATEST MANCHESTER UNITED NEWSLive BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms GossipA NEW STAR Man Utd 'ready to pay' £105m release clause for Benfica star Joao Felix Gossipbid not koul enough Man Utd have staggering £95m Koulibaly bid rejected by Napoli you KROOS, you lose Man Utd blow as Toni Kroos signs new four-year Real deal RESTING ON PAUL Man Utd will 'only make move' for Ndombele once Pogba's future is confirmed 
Dream Team World Cup - Sign up to win £100k

Enter for FREE
£50m budget and 20 transfers throughout the tournament
Play to win £100k top price and a share of £175k prizepot
SIGN UP FOR DREAM TEAM WORLD CUP NOW



