Stop making me ashamed to be English by teaching that we’re a nation of slave-trading, women-oppressing, war-mongering baddies
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6447470/stop-making-me-ashamed-to-be-english/
4th June 2018, 6:08 pm
Slavery, oppression and destruction - it's through these glasses that my generation views the history of our great country.
It’s no wonder that only 45 per cent of my fellow 18-24-year-olds are "proud to be English", compared to an overwhelming 72 per cent of over-65s, according to a new YouGov survey.
5 Steven Edginton has been called an 'age traitor' by his peers for his views on being English
A new left-wing version of history is being taught in schools like mine - a state secondary in Chichester - and around the country.
I’m currently doing my A-Levels in History, Economics and English Language and the bias can be staggering.
We are taught that the English language is sexist because "all words were created by men" and Marxist philosophers such as Noam Chomsky frequently crop up on the syllabus.
In history we learn about the struggles of women, trade unionists, African Americans and Native Americans but there's no mention of the great sacrifice of our servicemen in recent wars.
When we do learn about conflict, we learn about the disaster at the Somme, the evils of the British Empire in India and the death and destruction of millions through the slave trade.
 
PA:Press Association5 Steven says that at school they learn about the disaster at the Somme, rather than the heroism of the servicemen
Why aren’t we taught that England was one of the first nations to ban slavery, and help wipe it out around the world?
Why aren’t we taught that it was England who pioneered free trade, prosperity and democracy across the globe?
England was the country to drag the world out of the feudal system with modernisation and industrialisation, capitalism brought untold wealth to billions thanks to the British Empire.
All the great inventions Britain has given us

Computers: they go way back to 1812 when Charles Babbage dreamed up a programmable machine, known as the 'difference engine'. Likewise Tim Berners-Lee brought us the world wide web in 1989.
Countless foods, including: scones, chicken tikka masala, coleslaw, Scotch eggs, bangers and mash and sticky toffee pudding.
Antibiotics: Before Alexander Fleming's invention in 1928, women were 50 times more likely to die in childbirth - it's little wonder it's known as "the discovery that saved us all".
Lawnmowers, hoovers, seat belts and tarmac.
TV shows, including: Sherlock, Doctor Who, Love Island, Top Gear, EastEnders.


The country has promoted free trade and our system of democracy and fairness is second to none. That’s why many countries still adopt English common law and use the parliamentary system.
That’s why English as a language is the second most widely spoken, only behind Mandarin Chinese.
England is one of the world’s most accepting counties, a country that allows for a refugee from Ethiopia to study in my school, with other students from around the world also in attendance.
Getty - Contributor5 Steven thinks that only the negative side of English colonial rule in India between 1858 and 1947 is taught in schools
It’s not racist, nationalistic or evil to be patriotic. Yet if you listened to many of my peers you would think it is one of the growing list of "thought crimes", such as voting for Brexit or holding beliefs to the right of Karl Marx.
During the referendum I was branded an age traitor by my peers, they abused me for wanting to leave the EU, calling me a “fat nosed c**t” for example.
To be English means you have access to some of the best universities the world can offer
and can achieve untold success, but only if you fight for it.
As an 18 year old student who set up the Politics UK YouTube channel, I have met the Prime Minister in Downing Street and interviewed dozens of top class politicians.
5 Steven with political commentator Iain Dale outside Downing Street
I started with no connections in politics or journalism, my parents are middle class: this is the English dream.
I have the passion and drive to achieve what I want, unluckily many in my generation simply blame "the system" for holding them back.
I asked my friends what they thought about patriotism, out of the five I asked only one of them even knew what it was!
Through the rise of the internet, a new type of nationalism has formed among my generation: identity politics.
Race, gender and age are the new dividing lines, and if you don’t fit the right description you are part of the problem.
Getty - Contributor5 England was one of the first nations to ban slavery - but this side of history is rarely mentioned
I am seen as a "white privileged male" who is part of the patriarchy trying to oppress women.
No longer are we proud to be part of the finest nation on earth, we are all "global citizens".
This is a term I hate with a passion; it is the essence of virtue signalling and a meaningless phrase aimed at rubbishing our history and culture.
No longer are we allowed to be English, or even British, that means that we are part of an oppressive history of oppression and patriarchy.
18-year-old Brexiteer Steven Edgington questions how long the European Union can really last?
Most read in OpinionCommentJANE MOORE Time for something completely different…let's put the boot in at EU elections CommentDAMIAN GREEN How Tory leadership race can lead to every Brit having a shot at the good life CommentALLY ROSS Graham Norton shouldn't have spared Madge's blushes as he lashed Eurovision acts CommentTHE SUN SAYS Hipster who threw MILKSHAKE achieved nothing but to recruit more Farage fans CommentTREVOR KAVANAGH Vote for Nigel Farage's Brexit Party this week before BoJo zips into No10 CommentNICK TIMOTHY Tinderbox Tories will get burned at the ballots - they need a new plan 
Can anyone name any nation that has done no ill?
Of course there are dark clouds in England’s history - every nation has them - but the overwhelming good that England has achieved for humanity outweighs anything to be embarrassed about.
So yes, I am proud to be English. I may be a lone voice among my peers, but it’s time my generation stopped being ashamed of such a label and embraced it.

