West Ham manager Manuel Pellegrini and his wife mugged at gunpoint by robbers who shot at cops before fleeing in Chile
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/6443413/west-ham-manager-manuel-pellegrini-mugged-wife-carola-pucci-chile-gunpoint/
4th June 2018, 7:29 am
WEST Ham manager Manuel Pellegrini and his wife are recovering after being held up by armed robbers who shot at police before escaping.
The couple were mugged on Saturday evening as they headed to a restaurant with friends in Chile's capital, Santiago, where the new Irons gaffer was born.
PA:Empics Sport6 Manuel Pellegrini and his wife were robbed at gunpoint in Chile
The men stole a handbag thought to belong to Carola Pucci, Pellegrini’s wife, before shooting at police who tried to stop them.
They sped off in a stolen Porsche Macan S, which was later found abandoned by officers.
The terrifying incident happened near a shopping mall called Casa Costanera in an upmarket suburb of Santiago called Vitacura.
No-one was hurt in the drama, despite the armed robbers throwing road spikes down to stop cops chasing them after one fired his weapon.
A police helicopter was mobilised in the hunt for the criminals, whose getaway car was eventually found in a suburb of Santiago called Conchali.
MANUEL PELLEGRINI6 Pellegrini and his wife Carola Pucci, pictured in Puerto Natales in southern Chile in December 2016, had been out to dinner with friends when they were set upon by the robbers
6 The new Irons gaffer tweeted his praise to the Chilean police in the aftermath of the robbery
Officers also recovered the stolen handbag, which reportedly belonged to Pellegrini’s wife - although police would only confirm it belonged a woman and would not say if it was Carola’s or the female friend she and her husband were with.
They also confirmed the Porsche, taken just a fortnight ago, had false number plates and that they suspected it had been stolen to order so it could be used to commit other crimes.
6 The thieves made their getaway in a stolen Porsche Macan that was later discovered by police
T136 The tyre of the getaway vehicle was shot at after the chilling attack on Manuel Pellegrini
The Chilean West Ham manager and his wife were targeted seconds after they parked their car and started walking towards the restaurant where they were due to have dinner.
Pellegrini and his friends are said to have tried to calm the criminals down while they pointed their weapon at them and demanded their valuables.
PA:Press Association6 The terrifying incident happened near a shopping mall called Casa Costanera in an upmarket suburb of the Chilean capital Santiago called Vitacura
The armed robbers were intercepted by police as they tried to run to their car.
Local police chief Gonzalo Munoz confirmed: “They fired two shots at officers and threw road spikes down to stop them following as they sped off which resulted in a police car being damaged.”
No arrests have yet been made.
Dream Team World Cup - Sign up to win £100k

Enter for FREE
£50m budget and 20 transfers throughout the tournament
Play to win £100k top price and a share of £175k prizepot

SIGN UP FOR DREAM TEAM WORLD CUP NOW

The owner of the stolen Porsche told local media yesterday: “I can’t understand how these sorts of things are happening and you can’t even go out for dinner without being robbed like this.
“It’s very serious.”
Pellegrini, appointed as West Ham’s new manager in May, thanked Chilean police who are known as Carabineros - in a tweet.
He said: “Congratulations to @Carabdechile for their speedy and brave reaction.
“I’m also thankful for the help of locals. I hope they give the Carabineros more resources to solve the problem of delinquency as soon as possible.”
Local Pedro Hernandez replied: “Criminality has bee out of control in Chile for some time. That’s the perception citizens like me have.”
A spokesman for West Ham United said: "Our Joint-Chairman David Sullivan has been in touch with Manuel Pellegrini to offer our good wishes and support. We are relieved to hear that Manuel and his wife were both unharmed."
Pellegrini managed Man City for five seasons before leaving for China.
MOST READ IN SPORTExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links A TALE OF ICE & FIRE How Niki Lauda's icy determination drove F1 legend to heroic comeback DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 
He managed Chinese Super League club Heibei China Fortune FC for two years before the Hammers swooped in for him for the coming season.
He and his wife were back in their homeland on holiday ahead of him taking the reins at the London Stadium.
Carola and Pellegrini wed in 1988 and have three sons named Nicolas, Juan Ignacio and Manuel.
West Ham name Manuel Pellegrini as their new manager


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.



