Consortium set to launch Aston Villa takeover with Dr Tony Xia ready to sell after failing to get promotion
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6441572/consortium-set-to-launch-aston-villa-takeover-with-dr-tony-xia-ready-to-sell-after-failing-to-get-promotion/
3rd June 2018, 9:30 pm
A GROUP of British businessmen are set to launch a takeover attempt of Aston Villa.
SunSport understands current Villa owner Dr Tony Xia is ready to sell after failing to win Premier League promotion.
Rex Features5 Tony Xia has not managed to get Aston Villa back into the Premier League but came close as they lost the playoff final
Twitter5 A consortium fronted by former football agent Matt Southall is interested in buying Aston Villa
And a consortium, fronted by fitness entrepreneur and former football agent Matt Southall, are planning to bid for the Championship club.
Chinese billionaire Xia bought Villa from Randy Lerner for around £60million following their relegation from the top flight in 2016.
But he has failed to get them back up in two seasons, losing in the play-off final to Fulham last week.
And with Steve Bruce’s side now needing to slash their sky-high wage bill to avoid breaking Financial Fair Play rules, Xia wants to cut his losses.
Aston Villa fans caught throwing PUNCHES in the stands after agonising Championship play-off final loss to Fulham
Reuters5 Dr Tony Xia bought the club in 2016 but has failed to get them back to the Premier League in two seasons as owner
That has alerted the UK-based consortium, who have held talks about buying two other Championship clubs in the past six months and have also got ex-Blackburn director of football and operations, Paul Senior, on board.
The group believe Xia will sell if he gets back the price he paid for Villa two years ago.

CASHING IN Leicester transfer news: Foxes ready to take advantage of Aston Villa’s financial mess by landing Jack Grealish

Speaking in the aftermath of Villa's play-off final defeat, Xia admitted he had to slash the club's budget because of FFP.
He said in a statement: "We are all aware that we will face severe FFP challenges next season.
Flares thrown on the Wembley pitch as Fulham celebrate promotion to the Premier League after play-off win against Aston Villa
PA:Press Association5 Aston Villa were beaten by Fulham in the Championship play-off final last week
"I am an Aston Villa fan. But I am also a businessman.
"Under the current circumstances, I think the club needs to rethink not only the past two years but also the past ten years.
"This is the ultimate reality that cannot be changed, but I can assure you that everyone behind the scenes is working tirelessly towards achieving our ultimate goal.
Dream Team World Cup - Sign up to win £100k

Enter for FREE
£50m budget and 20 transfers throughout the tournament
Play to win £100k top price and a share of £175k prizepot

SIGN UP FOR DREAM TEAM WORLD CUP NOW

Reuters5 Stars like Jack Grealish may need to be sold with Villa needing to raise around £40m to comply with FFP
MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 
"We have been heavily investing for the past two seasons.
"However, the loss on Saturday means that we need to change a lot of things."

