From Cristiano Ronaldo to Sergio Ramos and Eric Dier, we’ll be keeping our eye on these World Cup hotties
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/6398740/world-cup-2018-hotties-cristiano-ronaldo-sergio-ramos/
3rd June 2018, 12:01 am
WE'LL be keeping our eye on the, um, ball skills of these World Cup hotties.
Here's a reason to watch the tournament in Russia — and it's not the offside rule.
Cristiano Ronaldo, 33, Portugal
Club: Real Madrid; Position: Forward
Rex Features7 Father-of-four Cristiano Ronaldo's love life is a bit...complicated
Significant others: Er, it’s complicated.  Former Gucci employee Georgina Rodriguez, 24, is Ronaldo’s current girlfriend and the mother of his fourth child Alana, born in November. 
He also has one-year-old twins Eva and Mateo via a surrogate, and seven-year-old son Cristiano Jr, whose mum’s identity remains a mystery.
Did you know? In his teens, Ronaldo was diagnosed with tachycardia, AKA a racing heart, which nearly ended his dream of becoming a footballer.
James Rodríguez, 26, Colombia
Club: Bayern Munich; Position: Midfielder
Rex Features7 Rumour is that Cristiano Ronaldo did a bit of match-making for Rodríguez
Significant others: He was married to Daniela Ospina for six years before they split last July, and they have five-year-old daughter Salomé.  James is now rumoured to be dating Russian model Helga Lovekaty after Cristiano Ronaldo introduced them at a party.
Did you know? Growing up, he had speech therapy to overcome a severe stammer.
Mats Hummels, 29, Germany
Club: Bayern Munich; Position: Defender
Photoshot7 Mats and his wife are teenage sweethearts and have a five-month-old son
Significant others: Mats has been married to model and TV presenter Cathy Fischer since 2015. The pair welcomed Ludwig, their first child, in January. 
Did you know? Mats and Cathy have been together since their late teens – aww! And if you want another reason to love him, he’s an ambassador for UNICEF.
Neymar da silva Santos jr, 26, Brazil
Club: Paris Saint-Germain; Position: Forward
Silverhub7 Neymar has had an on-and-off relationship with Bruna Marquezine for years
Significant others: Neymar’s been dating actress and model Bruna Marquezine on and off for six years. He also has a string of stunning exes, including Carolina Nogueira Dantas, the mother of his son David, six.
Did you know? He has a strong bond with his sister Rafaella – so strong, in fact, he has a tattoo of her face on his bicep. Yes, really.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands 
Sergio Ramos, 32, Spain
Club: Real Madrid; Position: Defender
PA7 Sergio has three young sons
Significant others: The gorgeous Spaniard has been in a relationship with reporter Pilar Rubio since 2012 and they have three sons: Sergio Jr, four, Marco, two, and 10-week-old Alejandro.
Did you know? Sergio is a fan of bullfighting and is close friends with matador Alejandro Talavante.
Eric Dier, 24, England
Club: Tottenham Hotspur; Position: Midfielder
©Andy Hooper/Daily Mail/Solo Syndication7 The English midfielder has been with his girlfriend for four years
Significant others: Eric has been with girlfriend Maria Hansen, who works in product development, for four years.
Did you know? He’s a big art fan and recently bought an Erik Lindman original. His favourite artist is Rothko.
Yannick Carrasco, 24, Belgium
Club: Dalian Yifang, in the Chinese Super League; Position: Forward
Getty Images7 Yannick Carrasco wed Miss Belgium Noémie Happart last year
Significant others: The winger wed former Miss Belgium Noémie Happart last year after dating for several years.
Did you know? Yannick quit Atlético Madrid earlier this year to sign a reported £9million-a-year contract in China. Drinks are on you, Yan.
Russian astronauts try out zero-gravity footie 

