Usain Bolt is sending out a come-and-get-me call to the Premier League – but no one is answering
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6424813/usain-bolt-is-sending-out-a-come-and-get-me-call-to-the-premier-league-but-no-one-is-answering/
1st June 2018, 12:01 am
THE greatest sprinter of all time is looking for a career change.
Problem is, the only person who believes eight-time Olympic champ Usain Bolt is serious about becoming a professional footballer is . . . Usain Bolt.
SWNS:South West News Service11
The laid-back Jamaican, who turns 32 in August, is struggling to find a club willing to offer him the chance he desperately wants — and it is getting on his nerves.
In an exclusive chat with The Sun, he said: “We’re talking to some people trying to make something happen.
“It’s not easy, as a lot of people think I’m joking around, not being serious, but I am.
“It’s something I’ve always wanted to try, I’ve retired from the track now, so this is a new chapter for me.”
Unicef11 Football crazy...Usain says it has been a dream of his to play top-flight footie
RECORD MAKER
8 Olympic gold medals
100m, 200m and 4x100m relay at Beijing 2008, London 2012 and Rio 2016
(Forced to hand one back when a relay team-mate failed a drugs test)
11 World Championship gold medals

Usain ended his record-breaking 13-year athletics career at the World Championships last summer, held at the London Stadium.
It was the same venue he graced at the 2012 Olympics, where he became the first man to defend the 100m and 200m titles, and also helped his country win the 4x100m relay.
The sprint king has ignored the chance to move into punditry or coaching, preferring to pursue his dream of playing footie.
He trained with German Bundesliga side Borussia Dortmund in March, watched by nearly 1,500 fans, courtesy of his link with their kit manufacturers.
Getty Images - Getty11 Put me on the wing...the fastest man on the planet believes he would be an asset to the Premier League
This week he has been with top-flight Norwegian team Stromsgodset, who he is set to line up for in a training game against Norway’s under-19s.
At 31, many pros would be starting to look towards the big-spending Chinese clubs or America’s MLS to secure one last bumper pay packet before hanging up their boots.
But having avoided serious injury and lived a clean lifestyle, Usain reckons he could play at the top level until he is nearly 40.
He says: “I’d say I’m the equivalent of a 28-year-old in football. If I train at the level I need to be at, I could play for some time, maybe around seven years. I just need to be given a chance.
AFP or licensors11 'Usain I can't play?'...the sprint legend takes a tumble as he trains with Norwegian club Stromsgodset
“I’d have to do different workouts but I’m used to a physical challenge, so it wouldn’t be a problem.”
If any scouts or managers are reading this, Usain sees himself as a left winger — with pace to burn, obviously — and an eye for goal.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho’s claim that he would make a better left back makes him shudder.
Ability-wise, Usain believes he is Premier League level, but would not be averse to turning out for a Championship club.
Getty - Contributor11 True colours...Usain shows fans his number 9.63 Man Utd shirt at Old Trafford in 2012
For those concerned about whether he would be able to handle being targeted by football hardmen eager to put in a reducer tackle in early on, he can handle himself.
Usain said: “I’m used to being fouled. Because I’ve always been fast, you get players trying to take you out before you get going.
“I’m not that type of player, but if I need to get rough I will. I’m 6ft 5in and physical, so I can do that.”
Usain also claims to have plenty of leadership skills, which he will be showing off on June 10 as captain of a World XI that takes on England at Old Trafford for charity’s Soccer Aid 2018.
REUTERS11 Fast feet...Usain trains with the German team Borussia Dortmund
His team features a mix of celebrities and former pros, including United legend Eric Cantona, who returns to the stadium where he became a Premier League great.
But Usain has no room for sentiment and is happy to bark orders at the Frenchman if he is not giving his all.
He said: “You have to be a strong captain and I’m a winner, so I’m always going to push and motivate my teammates. I’d definitely dig him out if he’s not pulling his weight on the field.
“But it will be a dream come true to play alongside him, especially at Old Trafford.”
Unicef11 It's me you want...Usain aims to show off his skills at the Soccer Aid 2018 tournament at Old Trafford
Viewers will be keen to see if Usain is the real deal on the pitch but his return to the UK will also be warmly received by nightclub owners.
The party- loving superstar barely had a night in during retirement celebrations in London last August.
He was pictured leaving celeb haunts in the early hours on successive days.
Videos circulated of him ordering magnums of champagne for his VIP table, surrounded by women including fiancée Kasi Bennett, 28.
CURLEY / BLITZ11 Lady's man...Usain steps out in London with his 28-year-old fiancee Kasi Bennett
EPA11 Party animal...Usain is no wallflower, as he showed at this year's Tribes Ignite party in Trinidad and Tobago
Yet unlike most party animals, Usain looked irritatingly fresh afterwards. So what’s his secret?
He said: “You have to figure out what drink doesn’t give you hangovers.
“Cognac doesn’t bother me but I don’t overdo it. You’ve got to be smart. You can’t go out and drink loads every night, that doesn’t make sense.”
Were he not in training for his Premier League future, Usain could throw his athlete’s diet out of the window and indulge more in his “guilty pleasure”, KFC.
Rex Features11 Don't Bolt your drink...complete with lederhosen, Usain enjoys a few beers at last year's Munich Oktoberfest
A portion of wings and a three-piece of spicy chicken is his usual — although he switched allegiance at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and claimed to have put away 1,000 Chicken McNuggets over ten days.
He had no trouble burning off the 5,000 daily calories as he tore up the track on his way to three golds. He was stripped of his relay gold last year after one of his teammates tested positive for a banned substance.
If his football dream does not work out, acting is another option. He is currently showing off his talents in a new advert for Virgin Media, where he transforms into the superhero Super Bolt, whose power is record-breaking speed.
It has given him a taste for the big screen, and he hopes to emulate his hero Jason Statham.
AFP or licensors11 No joke...you are looking at a man who is very serious about football
Usain said: “It would have to be something exciting. I’ve told people that if I was going to do it, it would have to be action-packed, because that’s the kind of movie I like.
“Jason Statham and Angelina Jolie are my favourites. Something like The Expendables would be perfect.”
One thing he has ruled out, despite encouragement in his country, is joining the Jamaican bobsled team ahead of the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing.
MOST READ IN CELEBRITYDO YA THINK I'M SEX-SEA Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster grab some rock & stroll in Southend MEG'S BATTLE Megan Barton-Hanson had surgery to avoid 'pain' of looking in the mirror BRIDE TRIBE Cara De La Hoyde continues Magaluf hen do celebrations in white mini dress waist-ing away Khloe Kardashian reveals tiny waist in cropped jumper as she steps out in LA work brit Britney Spears shows off her incredible figure during gym workout TOTALLY TARON Who plays Elton John in Rocketman? Here's why Taron Egerton looks so familiar 
The 1993 film Cool Runnings saw track sprinters change sports and compete for Jamaica at the 1988 Calgary Games.
He said: “People ask all the time but I’m not into the cold at all so it would never happen.
“Maybe as an ambassador, but I’d never join the team. I really hate the cold.”
If he gets a football contract, those December midweek nights in Stoke could be a problem.

GOT a story? RING The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk

Olympic champion Usain Bolt plays in goal in virtual reality penalty shootout 

