We try on frocks with Saara Alto, chat getting hitched, and Eurovision
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/6190173/we-try-on-frocks-with-saara-alto/
6th May 2018, 12:01 am
We try on frocks with the X Factor singer, 31, and chat getting hitched, not fitting in and Eurovision
 
Where Monsoon, Marble Arch, London
5 We talk fashion with Saara Alto
5 Saara says she wants a huge princess dress for her wedding
 
Congratulations on your engagement, Saara! Have you found a dress yet?
Nope, not yet. 
I always thought I’d want a huge princess dress, but maybe because I’m 31 I’ll go for something more elegant. 
But not too simple!
You and your manager Meri Sopanen, 28, are planning to marry in August. Are you all organised?
We know we want to get married, but we haven’t had time to plan it. 
I don’t stress and I feel the wedding is a celebration of love. 
It can be big, but needs a cosy feeling.
5 Saara hasn't had time to plan her wedding to Meri yet
How did you and Meri meet?
I came second on The Voice Of Finland in 2012, and Meri sent me a message on Facebook because she felt some kind of spiritual connection. 
When I saw her message, there was something – it was deep – and I wrote back. 
That was it, until a year later when she came to one of my concerts. 
We started talking and never stopped. 
Who asked who out?
I think it was me who said: “Do you want to come and have a cup of tea at my place?” 
We spent 12 hours together and it was the easiest thing. 
We were laughing and talking and couldn’t get enough of each other. 
We were taking it slowly, but after a year we realised there was no way we could be without each other.
5 Saara Alto and her fiance Meri Sopanen
How did Meri propose to you?
It was a total surprise. 
It was our second anniversary in August 2016 and we were at home. 
I’d washed my make-up off and had pyjamas on. 
We were on the sofa and the first thing I said was: “Why are you doing this now? I don’t even have my make-up on!” 
And she said: “This is very special for us because we are never at home and you’re natural and yourself, and that’s how I love you.”
You came second on UK X Factor in 2016. What made you enter?
It’s always been my dream to sing for Simon Cowell, plus I wanted to get out of Finland. 
There, you have to be very normal, and I was an outsider and just didn’t fit in. 
When I came here, everyone said: “We love your style, let’s be flamboyant, let’s do epic things, let’s dance and have a big show.” 
It was the dream and it blew my mind.
5 It was a total surprise when girlfriend Meri proposed to Saara
You’re doing Eurovision next weekend for Finland. How are you feeling about it?
Finland is dark and grey, but I’m a very happy, colourful, positive person – and I feel like Eurovision is all about that. 
Aged 10, I saw Dana International win and thought: “I should be there.” 
What’s been your most memorable Eurovision moment?
When Conchita Wurst won [in 2014]. 
It showed that the world is ready for everybody. 
It was a historic moment. 
What do you love about the show?
It’s so versatile. 
I love that music will bring people together, because the world is full of negativity. 
Eurovision is so positive. 
– Vote for Saara Aalto’s Monsters on Eurovision next Saturday.
 
BTWSaara speaks Finnish and English fluently and “manages” in Swedish, French, Chinese and Japanese.Our shoot gave Saara some inspo and she’s now considering wearing a veil.
Saara is touring with Steps soon.
Words: Laura Bond  
Photography: Tessa Hallmann, Flynet  
Thanks to Monsoon (Monsoon.co.uk)

 
 

