Helen George will return to Call The Midwife this year after leaving mid-series to give birth to first child, confirm show bosses
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6209977/helen-george-call-the-midwife-return/
4th May 2018, 12:31 pm
GOOD news for Call The Midwife fans, Helen George WILL return to the show this year.
Viewers saw her character Nurse Trixie Franklin make an emotional departure midway through series seven, after spiralling back into alcoholism.
Getty - Contributor7 Helen George WILL return to Call The Midwife
Producers had to come up with a plausible departure for the nurse, as actress Helen needed time off from the series to have her first baby.
But bosses have now confirmed to The Sun that she WILL be back, and is currently filming the show's Christmas special.
Executive producer Pippa Harris told us: "Yes she will be back and we've all met her beautiful baby, she is the most gorgeous creature.
"And yes, Trixie is well recuperated after her time in Portofino, and she is looking even MORE elegant than ever.
BBC7 The actress has played fan favourite Nurse Trixie since 2012
"No spoilers here, but expect a new wardrobe that's all I'm saying! But yes, she is in fine form."
Helen gave birth to a baby girl in September 2017.
She was pregnant with her first child with co-star Jack Ashton during filming of series seven of the show.
Nurse Trixie was seen making an emotional exit from the show after Helen's baby bump became obvious and couldn’t be hidden on the show.
BBC7 Helen left the show midway through series seven to have a baby
PA:Press Association7 She was pregnant with her first child with co-star Jack Ashton
But she'll be back for the Christmas special and series 8, which will kick off in spring time in 1964 and viewers will see the residents of Poplar excited for the birth of Prince Edward.
Meanwhile, producers also told The Sun how Harry Potter star Miriam Margolyes is FINALLY joining the cast of Call the Midwife, after wanting to be on the show for years.
The actress has previously talked about her desire to be on the hit series, and now that wish is coming true.

BBC7 Miriam Margolyes - seen here bottom right - will be in the show's Christmas special

Miriam is set to play Sister Mildred, who is described by producers as “forthright and indefatigable sister from the Order”.
Speaking on This Morning in 2016 Miriam - who is famed for playing Professor Sprout in the Harry Potter films - revealed how much she wanted to be on the show, saying: "There is no end to what I would do to get on that programme. I love it, I love that show."
And now that dream has come true for Miriam, as she has already begun filming the Christmas Day special.
We are told Sister Mildred arrives unexpectedly at Nonnatus House with four Chinese orphans.
Having fled China, the child refugees were found abandoned in Hong Kong and are being adopted in the UK as part of the World Refugee Project.
Warner Brothers7 Miriam is famed for playing Professor Sprout in the Harry Potter films
Speaking to The Sun Stephen McGann, who plays Doctor Turner, gave us the inside scoop on what Miriam was like on set: "She was absolutely hilarious!
"Just imagine, for a second, what its like to have Miriam as a nun, in full throttle on the set of Call The Midwife! We have had a scream!"
Joining Miriam in the new cast line-up are Harlots star Fenella Woolgar as Sister Hilda, The Last Kingdom’s Ella Bruccoleri as Sister Frances and Waterloo Road’s Georgie Glen as the surgery’s new receptionist, Miss Higgins.
Daniel Turner7 The stars of the show launched a new Call The Midwife tour
More on Call The MidwifeCALL THE UNDERTAKER Call The Midwife boss hints character will die and says 'You WILL cry' A GOOD CHEAT Mr Selfridge's Tom Goodman-Hill says CHEATING on wife helped new acting role MORE MIDWIVES Call The Midwife WILL return after signing new BBC deal to stay until 2022 BAWL THE MIDWIFE Call The Midwife viewers in tears as series 8 finale was 'saddest EVER' MUM'S THE WORD All you need to know about series eight of Call The Midwife from midwife to mum Call The Midwife's Jessica Raine seen for first time since giving birth BABY BOOM Call The Midwife's Helen George says show WILL return for series 9 & Xmas special A real East ender? Here's your own personal tour of the Call The Midwife filming locations NURSE LINDA The lowdown on Linda Bassett who plays Nurse Phyllis Crane in Call the Midwife CALL THE DOC Get to know Call The Midwife's resident doctor, Stephen McGann IN SAFE HANDS How old is Jenny Agutter and when was she in The Railway Children? calling the shots All you need to know about new Call The Midwife star Leonie Elliott 
Yesterday the stars were at The Chatham Historic Dockyard, where the show is filmed, to launch the new Call The Midwife tour.
The tour runs from now until October and includes an exhibition of props and costumes from the show.
Visitors are taken around with their very own "Midwife" tour guide, who shows them all of the filming locations used on the show.

Find out how you can visit the set of the show and do the Call The Midwife Tour at The Historic Dockyard Chatham

The first look at series 7 of hit BBC show Call the Midwife 

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

