Harry Potter star Miriam Margolyes to appear in Call The Midwife after begging bosses for a role for years
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6208743/harry-potter-star-miriam-margolyes-call-the-midwife/
4th May 2018, 11:03 am
HARRY Potter star Miriam Margolyes is FINALLY joining the cast of Call the Midwife, after wanting to be on the show for years.
The actress has previously talked about her desire to be on the hit series, and now that wish is coming true.

PA:Press Association5 Miriam Margolyes has finally bagged a role on Call The Midwife
BBC5 The actress - seen here bottom right - will be in the show's Christmas special

Miriam is set to play Sister Mildred, who is described by producers as “forthright and indefatigable sister from the Order”.
Speaking on This Morning in 2016 Miriam - who is famed for playing Professor Sprout in the Potter films - revealed how much she wanted to be on the show, saying: "I love that programme, I think they are all majestically brilliant - fine actresses - so I want to be there.
"There is no end to what I would do to get on that programme. I love it, I love that show."
And now that dream has come true for Miriam, as she has already begun filming the Christmas Day special.
Rex Features5 The actress told This Morning in 2016 she always wanted to be on the show
We are told Sister Mildred arrives unexpectedly at Nonnatus House with four Chinese orphans.
Having fled China, the child refugees were found abandoned in Hong Kong and are being adopted in the UK as part of the World Refugee Project.
Speaking to The Sun Stephen McGann, who plays Doctor Turner, gave us the inside scoop on what Miriam was like on set: "She was absolutely hilarious!
"Just imagine, for a second, what its like to have Miriam as a nun, in full throttle on the set of Call The Midwife! We have had a scream!"
Warner Brothers5 Miriam is famed for playing Professor Sprout in the Harry Potter films
Joining Miriam in the new cast line-up are Harlots star Fenella Woolgar as Sister Hilda, The Last Kingdom’s Ella Bruccoleri as Sister Frances and Waterloo Road’s Georgie Glen as the surgery’s new receptionist, Miss Higgins.
Series 8, which will kick off in 2019, will start in spring time in 1964 and we see the residents of Poplar excited for the birth of Prince Edward.
The show will start with Violet Buckle (Annabelle Apsion) holding a Teddy Bears’ Picnic and holding a competition on whether the Queen will have a boy or a girl.
Laura Main, who plays Doctor Turner's wife Shelagh, spilled the beans on what the new show will be like: "Here we are, series eight, and it's still crafted in the same way as it was at the beginning.
"It's maintaining that standard. It's funny, and you know, tear-jerking as well."
Daniel Turner5 The stars of the show launched a new Call The Midwife tour
More on Call The MidwifeCALL THE UNDERTAKER Call The Midwife boss hints character will die and says 'You WILL cry' A GOOD CHEAT Mr Selfridge's Tom Goodman-Hill says CHEATING on wife helped new acting role MORE MIDWIVES Call The Midwife WILL return after signing new BBC deal to stay until 2022 BAWL THE MIDWIFE Call The Midwife viewers in tears as series 8 finale was 'saddest EVER' MUM'S THE WORD All you need to know about series eight of Call The Midwife from midwife to mum Call The Midwife's Jessica Raine seen for first time since giving birth BABY BOOM Call The Midwife's Helen George says show WILL return for series 9 & Xmas special A real East ender? Here's your own personal tour of the Call The Midwife filming locations NURSE LINDA The lowdown on Linda Bassett who plays Nurse Phyllis Crane in Call the Midwife CALL THE DOC Get to know Call The Midwife's resident doctor, Stephen McGann IN SAFE HANDS How old is Jenny Agutter and when was she in The Railway Children? calling the shots All you need to know about new Call The Midwife star Leonie Elliott 
Yesterday the stars were at The Chatham Historic Dockyard, where the show is filmed, to launch the new Call The Midwife tour.
The tour runs from now until October and includes an exhibition of props and costumes from the show.
Visitors are taken around with their very own "Midwife" tour guide, who shows them all of the filming locations used on the show.

Find out how you can visit the set of the show and do the Call The Midwife Tour at The Historic Dockyard Chatham

 
The first look at series 7 of hit BBC show Call the Midwife 

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

