Lanarkshire restaurant’s takeaway meal slated as customer shares grim picture that is far cry from the advertised grub
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5867570/lanarkshire-restaurants-takeaway-meal-slated-as-customer-shares-grim-picture-of-munchy-box-a-far-cry-from-the-advertised-grub/
21st March 2018, 12:51 pm
AN ITALIAN takeaway has been slated after a customer's meal snap exposed the grim reality of its advertised grub.
Martin Fergus took the stark spot the difference pics after ordering food from The Italian at the Redstones, based in Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Deadline News3 The Italian at Redstone in Uddingston advertised their meal
After forking out £15 for the meal he was so disappointed he shared the hilarious food fail with his pals.
And one of them shared the snap on social media, writing: "The dream vs reality. The Redstones making a f****** shambles of things here."
The Uddingston restaurant previously teased customers with a mouthwatering and colourful pic of its meal - carefully arranged with Italian treats, dips and two bottles of beer.
Its promo post on social media went viral as fans scrambled to try the greasy treat.
Deadline News3 But Martin received a grim version from the takeaway
Google Maps3 The munchy box was ordered from Uddingston-based The Italian at the Redstones
But the takeaway delivered to Martin, from Hamilton, could not have looked more different.
And social media users are gutted that the dish does not look up to scratch.
One said: "Poor show, that looks rank."
Another wrote: "Aw no way man. I was so excited about this and it’s all over before it even begun."
Meanwhile, Liam Spencer added: "Gutted about this."
Speaking yesterday, co-owner of the Italian at the Redstones George Tsamasfyris, said he was waiting on more information from Martin about the incident but admitted it was an "embarrassing" blunder.
He said: "It is embarrassing and doesn’t represent our business.
"We are in the process of contacting the individual because we were not aware that this munchy box was sent out like that. We’re investigating and we’re going to offer him some vouchers or something.
Most read in newsGAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack FARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone HAMM SLAM Philip Hammond sparks uproar from Brexiteers in rant over consequences of No Deal CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM 
"We’re trying to investigate who was on shift and identify the reason why we sent the munchy box without checking the quality.
"There will be repercussions for the chef or manager who sent it out. We’re very reputable in the area for the quality of our food and service."
The munchy box craze is said to have started in Glasgow, with pizza boxes filled with takeaway food.
Despite health warnings from the government, it has spread and the boxes are now available in various guises - including Indian, Chinese and breakfast food.
Sushi diner in Japanese restaurant shocked to find his meal was so fresh that it waved at him

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


