China tells young women to lower their standards for marriage and settle for ‘more or less ok’ husbands in they don’t want to be ‘a leftover’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5748596/china-tells-young-women-to-lower-their-standards-for-marriage-and-settle-for-more-or-less-ok-husbands-in-they-dont-want-to-be-a-leftover/
7th March 2018, 2:58 pm
YOUNG Chinese women have been told to forget their dreams of meeting a soulmate and settle for a “more or less ok” husband.
The call for unmarried ladies to “return to reality” was made in the state media as part of an effort to increase birth rate as the country faces being overwhelmed with pensioners.
Reuters2 Chinese women are being urged to lower their expectations and settle for 'more or less ok' husbands. File picture
The editorial was first featured in the Communist Party-run newspaper Sichuan Daily before being printed in the nationwide People’s Daily, reports The Times.
The article read: “Marriage is a process of tolerating each other, and it’s impossible that everything goes your way.
“Change your attitude, return to the reality. Maybe there’ll be some imperfection, but your life will be full for it.”
China’s one-child policy, which penalised families who had two or more children, was enforced until 2015 and has left the country with a gender imbalance.
AFP2 The one-child policy, scrapped in 2015, has led to a gender imbalance in China which could result in an overload of bachelors. File picture
The government is worried that the low birth rate will cause instability while the imbalance in China’s demographics will result in 30 million new bachelors over the next three decades.
And now single ladies in their late-20s, referred to as “leftovers”, are being blamed for being too picky about potential suiters.
The editorial read: “A very important reason they have become the ‘leftover’ is that they have idealised love and such idealisation has led many people not to settle for a ‘more or less OK’ person.
“The ability to compromise on non-principle matters is a sign of magnanimity and contentment.”
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
Marriage declined by nearly seven per cent in 2016 while the number of births fell by 630,000 in 2017.
The lack of children being produced has the one-party state worried that about a labour shortage in the future which in return will be unable to support the masses of pensioners.
The government’s Youth League is even holding events to help match-make singletons while some provinces have introduced subsidies for weddings.
Newlywed has bare boobs groped by guests at bizarre Chinese wedding

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours

 

