Here’s our top skincare tips and must-have products for achieving flawless skin
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/5629880/products-achieving-flawless-skin/
25th February 2018, 12:01 am
HAVING healthy looking skin help us look and feel so much better - and sometimes make-up just won't help.
From altering your product application to booster serums, we've rounded up the skincare upgrades that you regime needs.
7 Our guide to perfect complexion is guaranteed to get you close to achieving your dream skin
Stop scrubbing
Love the deep-clean feel you get post-face scrub? Well, it could be doing you more harm than good, especially if you’re prone to breakouts.
“An exfoliating scrub will only tackle the build-up of dead skin cells and grime at a surface level,” says Anna Persaud, CEO of This Works.
7 This Works Evening Detox Spray-On Exfoliant can help you break your scrubbing habits which can harm your skin
“However, liquid exfoliants can penetrate deep into the epidermis to soften and resurface the top layers of skin, remove and loosen dead skin cells and decongest pores.”
Break the scrub habit and reach for This Works Evening Detox Spray-On Exfoliant, £28. Spritz on to a cotton pad and wipe over your face after cleansing – no need to rinse.
It contains natural protease enzymes, which sweep away dead skin cells and pollution, while the salicylic acid and witch hazel help treat blemishes and target excess sebum.
Give yourself a boost
Say hello to “boosters”, which are like a glass of healthy green juice for your complexion. Designed to deal with immediate skin issues, these powerful drops can be applied a few times a week instead of or before serum (which aims to prevent future skin issues, such as fine lines and repair past problems).
7 Kiehl’s Since 1851 Powerful-Strength Line-Reducing Concentrate is enriched with vitamin C and will help lift dull complexion
“Boosters provide a concentrated dose of active ingredients targeted for specific concerns such as dehydration or pigmentation,” explains Dr Alexis Granite, Kiehl’s Since 1851’s consulting dermatologist.
Dry, flaky skin? Look for a product that contains hyaluronic acid, like Vichy Minéral 89 Skin Booster, £16.50.
A vitamin C-rich product such as Kiehl’s Since 1851 Powerful-Strength Line-Reducing Concentrate, £49.50, will lift a dull complexion.
Uneven texture? Opt for Time Bomb ABC Vitamin Solution, £48. It contains vitamins A, B3, B12 and C, as well as antioxidant Bakuchiol to kick-start cell renewal, fight redness and smooth skin.
Pep up your peepers
The skin around the eyes is the thinnest on your whole body, making it the most delicate and prone to damage – hence those pesky crow’s feet.
However, if your eyes get puffier after using an eye cream, it might be time to swap to a serum.
7 Romilly's Wilde Eye Believe Serum may be on the pricey side but will soothe, brighten and firm your eye area
“Eye serum can be more potent than a cream, because it contains more active ingredients,” explains Michaella Bolder, Time Bomb’s skincare expert.
“Plus, they have smaller molecules, so hydrate at a deeper level, whereas creams tend to be thicker and lie in the eye socket, blocking the pores.”
Apply a pea-sized amount of Hylamide SubQ Eyes Advanced Serum, £27, twice a day – it has flavanoid glucoside bio-active, which instantly gets to work on dark circles and puffiness.
Romilly Wilde Eye Believe Serum, £75, might be a bit of a budget stretch, but it contains sea chamomile, pomegranate and Chinese hibiscus to soothe the eye area while also brightening and firming.
Set the tone
If you ditched toners years ago, get ready to reintroduce yourself. The latest batch of toning products are a million miles away from the alcohol-based drying solutions of the past, and today’s tonic formulas have a serious role to play in your skincare regime.
“These acid solutions work to smooth and brighten, but also reduce oiliness without the need to physically scrub away at our skin – leaving a smooth, glowing canvas for better absorption of your serum or moisturiser,” says Michaella.
7 Glossier's Solution Exfoliating Skin Perfector is perfect for shedding your dead skin and reducing blemishes
We love Glossier Solution Exfoliating Skin Perfector, £19, which contains salicylic acid to
gently dissolve dead skin cells and combat blemishes.
Want extra glow points? Opt for Ren Ready Steady Glow Daily AHA Tonic, £25, which uses azelaic acid to brighten and even out your complexion. A few pumps on to a cotton pad once a day will seriously transform your skin.
But don’t underestimate the strength of these products. “Acid toners can significantly increase your risk of redness, dryness and irritation – in which case you need to stop using the product,” warns Michaella.
“They can also increase sun sensitivity, so be sure to protect skin with an SPF. It’s best to use a minimum of SPF15, depending on your skin type, every day.”
Be well gel
Do you and your pillow find night creams too heavy? Traditional creams can be too greasy for some skin types, preventing absorption.
“Heavy night creams can suffocate the surface layer of skin, preventing the turnover of cells overnight and resulting in breakouts come morning,” says Michaella.
7 Garnier's budget-friendly Moisture Bomb will penetrate deep into your skin and help to brighten, tone and tighten
7 Lancôme Visionnaire Nuit Beauty Sleep Perfector's may be expensive but it will naturally help and encourage your skin to repair itself
MOST READ IN FABULOUSFEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes ALL ABOUT THAT BASE Acne sufferers praise £9 foundation for covering cystic spots & redness GUNGE PLUNGE Woman felt like 'Shrek’ when Lush bath bomb transforms her tub into a ‘swamp’ GO BANANAS Shoppers go wild for 99p banana shampoo saying it’s the dupe of Body Shop one READY, SET, GLOW Budget beauty buys to help you prepare for a scorcher of a Bank Holiday BABY FACED Friends blast mum for wearing a full face of make-up days after giving birth 
“The power of a night cream comes from its ingredients, not its consistency, so a lighter, gel-based night moisturiser is ideal.”
Slather on Garnier SkinActive Moisture Bomb Super-Recharging Antioxidant Gel-Cream Night, £7.99, before bed as it’s been proven to penetrate up to 10 layers of skin, allowing its superfruit ingredient – amla – to get deep into your epidermis to brighten, tone and tighten from within.
Need an intense hit? Try Lancôme Visionnaire Nuit Beauty Sleep Perfector, £63.
It goes on as a gel, then turns into an oil, yet still feels light on the skin. Plus rosa canina fruit oil helps to soften and encourage skin’s natural nightly repair cycle. It’s well worth the spend!
Queen of Pop Madonna posts video of strange fork facial on Instagram
Photography: Christian Kettiger/Trunk Archive, Pixeleyesphotography.co.uk.
Stockists: Garnier (Boots.com), Glossier (Glossier.com), Hylamide (Hylamide.com), Kiehl’s Since 1851 (Kiehls.co.uk), Lancôme (Lancome.co.uk), Ren (Renskincare.com), Romilly Wilde (Romillywilde.com), Time Bomb (Qvcuk.com), This Works (Thisworks.com), Vichy (Vichy.co.uk)

