Yannick Carrasco left out Atletico Madrid squad ahead of move to Chinese Super League side Dalian Yifang
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/5646060/yannick-carrasco-atletico-madrid-chinese-super-league-dalian-yifang/
22nd February 2018, 6:35 pm
YANNICK CARRASCO was left out of Atletico Madrid's squad for the visit of FC Copenhagen in the Europa League as the Belgian closes in on a move to China.
Diego Simeone selected a group of 19 players for the Round of 32 second leg.
Getty2 Yannick Carrasco is closing in on a move to Chinese Super League side Dalian Yifang
AFP2 Yannick Carrasco's move is a surprise as he was wanted by several top clubs in Europe
And the Belgian, 24, was not among them — as he is close to completing a switch to Chinese Super League side Dalian Yifang.
The move comes as somewhat of a surprise given Carrasco had been a transfer target for the likes of Manchester United and Chelsea.
However, the January arrival of Vitolo has limited his playing time and he needed to leave in order to save his World Cup dream.
Carrasco was prone to drifting in and out of games and, despite being capable of producing something magical, he was often accused of going missing during matches.
most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
Sevilla and Atletico Madrid fans create wild atmosphere in crazy lighting display before Copa Del Rey quarter final
The Belgian was signed from Monaco in the summer of 2015, having produced a masterclass display when the French side beat Arsenal 3-1 at the Emirates.
And, in his first season in Spain, scored Atletico's goal in the Champions League final.

'JUST RUDE' Atletico Madrid star Antoine Griezmann’s incredible nutmeg in the build-up to Kevin Gameiro goal sets tongues wagging

But AS report he has a distinct character and often fell out with his team-mates.
He has made 123 appearances for the club, scoring 23 goals.

