How to get over your ex… according to Tarotstrologer Kerry King
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/5643284/how-to-get-over-your-ex-according-to-tarotstrologer-kerry-king/
22nd February 2018, 3:57 pm
IT doesn’t do anyone any good to stare at their past, and yet it is often via hindsight that we understand most about ourselves and our path.
Our love lives are a notorious realm of trial and error, so, this month, take a glance into ‘Love Life Past’ and see if there are lessons (now that you’re at a safe distance from it all!) to be absorbed into your present and future.
And breathe a BIG SIGH of relief that that ‘little episode’ is well and truly over...
Aries
You’re exactly where you’re meant to be
12
The ‘who’? TEN OF CUPS. You really, really REALLY thought this person was The One, at the time.
It was hearts and flowers and promises forever and forever blah blah… and then it all ended. Fond memories and a lingering affection remain. Perhaps this person was the first to show you what a good relationship could look like.
The ‘energy’? SIX OF SWORDS. It has taken you both a while to truly leave it all behind and not dwell on ‘what could have been’.
But move on you have, as the Six of Swords indicates, and to bigger and better-suited prospects. The split was painful, and the aftermath required emotional SOS, but you have proved you can survive that.
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? THE EMPEROR. Take confidence that you’ve been tested in love, and not found wanting. You didn’t crumble beneath the weight of disappointment or regret, you carried on and you’ve done good.
The life lesson! SIX OF WANDS. High five, Aries! You’re exactly where you’re meant to be- wherever that is.
Life has brought you to this very spot for a good reason- the Six of Wands says so and congratulates you on the story so far.
All of your past experiences are valuable and have made you who you are- don’t regret a single thing, and don’t look back. Eyes front!
Taurus
A loss which hit hard
12
The ‘who’? FOUR OF WANDS. A hard working, lively and exuberant character who you thought you were ‘going places’ with; they looked like someone with a bright future, and you felt you’d like to share those prospects.
They excited you and you, in a way, held onto their coat-tails a bit.
The ‘energy’? TEN OF SWORDS. And then what a shit they turned out to be. Seriously.
This ended badly, and probably ranks in the top 3 Worst Experiences you’ve faced.
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? FIVE OF COINS. Even though you know they were not right for you, nor were you suited, nor would you ever, like ever, go back... there’s still a feeling of loss around this one.
The good times were GOOD, and you had high hopes.
You felt ‘lacking’ because of how they treated you, and that horrible, sticky emotion has remained with you on some level (‘am I good enough?’).
The life lesson! KING OF COINS. This ‘lacking’ energy has outlived its lifespan, I mean it!
King of Coins is the resilient, tough-nut, survivor card; he is here to rag-doll you out of this false self belief that people ‘can do better’ than you.
They can’t. You are awesome, and this d**k from the past was the loser- not you. Put it firmly behind you.
Gemini
Revisit your pursuit of the ‘unavailable’
12
The ‘who’? FIVE OF COINS. A mean, moody Earth sign (Capricorn, Virgo, Taurus) who was not really into you, but just filling up their own void of loneliness and lack at the time (that sounds horrible, doesn’t it, but this was a long time ago- you can face the hard truths now, you’re a toughie).
The ‘energy’? THE WORLD. They had already moved past you before they’d even started up with you, really. Their mind and attention was on other things, beyond your relationship. The World card suggests it’s possible they moved away not long afterwards, or had a massive life change.
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? THE HERMIT. This is definitely an Ex to keep a lid on, entitled ‘CASE CLOSED’, however, The Hermit asks you seriously whether there is some contemplation to be done about how you got so deep into something so shallow...
The life lesson! THE DEVIL. … because the life lesson shown by The Devil represents bad habits, and repeat patterns which don’t do us any favours. Have you pursued unavailable people in general?
Do you think you respond better to indifference than interest? Geminis are fickle, and their desires often disguised. This distance from emotion can get them into dead ends romantically.
Have a ponder about your ‘default’ attractions. Perhaps a reboot is in order.
Cancer
Guess who’s (maybe) back
12
The ‘who’? QUEEN OF COINS. You really liked and admired this person, and felt ‘safe’ with them.
They were hard working, practical, ambitious and driven- all of which you respected. It felt like maybe your first ‘grown up’ relationship. Albeit one where the passion was not a ‘10’.
The ‘energy’? QUEEN OF CUPS. Emotions ran high. The Queen of Cups is attuned to her feelings, but can go off the handle if riled or mishandled. Perhaps your expectations of each other were misaligned, or the feelings were too intense, but the end result was an infamous Cancerian river of tears.
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? KNIGHT OF WANDS. You know what: this one could be back one day. You’re both older, wiser and more - dare I say - ‘stable’ these days.
Your emotions have simmered down, and you know you made mistakes here. One little adventure could reignite this spark.
The life lesson! SEVEN OF SWORDS. Keep your own counsel. The Seven of Swords is about guarding your own interests and watching your back.
Perhaps, before, you were so confused that you (over)shared everything about this romance with friends / family. The advice you received was well-meant, but it inevitably distorted your view and behaviour.
In future, trust your own instincts. What are they telling you now?
Leo
A holiday romance (with potential)
12
The ‘who’? FOUR OF SWORDS. A holiday romance, I think, or a summer fling- as the Four of Swords denotes vacations and rest.
Someone who you really just chilled out with, and had fun. They were taking a ‘time out’ from life and you were on the same page.
The ‘energy’? THE SUN. It was summer, it was sunny, the birds were singing, the bees were buzzing. There’s almost a lyrical and poetical tinge to these memories.
It was a happy time and didn’t end badly, as such, but just ran its natural course (although, in your mind, there was room for an Epilogue…).
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? TWO OF SWORDS. You’ve pondered over this one, and wondered whether it would be worth rekindling the flame. It’s doable.
But something has held you back… examine what that is before you do anything.
Done? OK, now you’ve identified the ‘but…’, is it still worth it?
The life lesson! KING OF CUPS. You can have more than one soul mate, you know (sigh of relief, because Leos love to love!), and though this could be ‘the one who got away’, there are plenty more ones who are still ON the way!
Rekindle if you will, but not because you think this was IT. There’s more love to come your way without having to reverse to Love Life Past.
Virgo
You can’t force it
12
The ‘who’? JUDGMENT. This relationship proved a turning point for your fortunes in romance and, hereafter, you appreciated people in a different way. How this went, and how it ended, taught you something important.
Judgment indicates that your self-confidence, and expectations, of relationships were reset as a result.
The ‘energy’? NINE OF COINS. You thought this one had long term potential and foresaw a happy home with this person.
The Nine of Coins is all about the ‘long game’ and maybe you were so focussed on the future prospects, you forgot you weren’t really that happy in the here and now. It was always ‘if only we did this...’
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? TEN OF SWORDS. Game is firmly over here, with no benefit from revisiting the whys and wherefores. Shut the door, and breathe a sigh of relief that you got out of that sitch.
The life lesson! PAGE OF CUPS. Happiness is in the here and now, the moments we’re laughing and smiling during each day. It can’t be planned for, postponed or organised into existence, and because this one looked good ‘on paper’ you tried so hard to make it work. It just didn’t. You stayed too long.
Libra
Let’s go round again?
12
The ‘who’? STRENGTH. The passion-o-meter hit the WOWZER zone with this one. It sizzled from the start and you’ve never forgotten that chemistry. Nor have they.
The ‘energy’? FIVE OF COINS. Where did it all go wrong??? Because it really did, and it really shouldn’t have done. And, when it did, you were inconsolable; it felt like the end of the world. You lost more than just a lover, you felt bereft in other ways too. God, it was awful.
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? TWO OF CUPS. I hate to say this, I do, but this one had potential. The Two of Cups is the tarot’s ‘happy love life’ card, showing a mutually beneficial pairing where the individuals are more together than either could be alone. It’s a winner.
The life lesson! QUEEN OF COINS. If you want it, go get it. The Queen of Coins doesn’t mess about; she is a pragmatic go-getter who is loved, respected and admired. This Ex wouldn’t scoff at your advances, at the very worst it’d be an interesting conversation. At best, BADA BING!
Scorpio
Things have changed
12
The ‘who’? THE HANGED MAN. Ugh, one of those forever on-off jobs, which can drag on for years and never really get anywhere. This one had potential, sometimes it went well… but, mostly, overall, it became a damp squib.
The ‘energy’? TEN OF COINS. Weirdly, the Ten of Coins turns up to suggest you are ultimately compatible. Perhaps the timing was wrong? Perhaps you were just too young to really appreciate that mental and spiritual compatibility? Perhaps circumstances intervened? Well, now you’re older and wiser and, with all that maturity, things could be different.
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? ACE OF CUPS. Call him!! Gosh, I am scared to suggest this because it feels radical BUT the Ace of Cups is the ‘new relationships’ card, so it’s kinda’ like the Universe is willing this one back into existence! Dare you?
The life lesson! ACE OF COINS. Just because it didn’t work before, doesn’t mean it can’t work now. Things have changed. The Ace of Coins is about small steps, which add up to a big investment in our future.
So, get in touch. Don’t go overboard, be cautious, friendly and casual, make a ‘baby-step’ move and see what unfolds.
Sagittarius
Don’t do it again!
12
The ‘who’? THE LOVERS. It was a good relationship, mostly, but it’s likely that you (or they) were a bit of a dick at the time. The Lovers is all about divided feelings, conflicted needs i.e. a fancy way of saying cheating. Sagittarians are notorious flirts, and can get into hot water quicker than a tea bag.
The ‘energy’? THE STAR. It’s a shame, really, because you were good together. The Star is a wish-come-true card, a blessing. It can also, however, conversely point to a big disappointment, and I think that’s the emotion that lingers here. What might have been...
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? DEATH. Don’t let this happen again! Whatever went awry here, examine your role in it and take ownership of your actions. There’s something here which you need to change. Either your own conflicted behaviours, or your acceptance of others’ dickery. Look at this honestly.
The life lesson! QUEEN OF COINS. Stability IS important. Your thirst for adventure is legendary, and sometimes this can cause issues. Remember where this one went wrong, and the role you played, and be vigilant for those urges or habits arising again- mark them on your radar and guard against their presence. You’ll be so much happier.
Capricorn
Maybe you can be friends
12
The ‘who’? QUEEN OF CUPS. You were very young, and very much in love and so were they. Maybe a teen dream, a school romance, a first love. Fondness, nostalgia and those teenesque heightened emotions and promises colour this memory with a bright, happy dayz tinge.
The ‘energy’? PAGE OF SWORDS. For all its intensity, it wasn’t REALLY serious. It couldn’t have been, because you were too young to take it anywhere, and life got busy and more demanding and other opportunities arose… and you both moved on to other things.
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? SIX OF CUPS. There’s nothing ‘lurking’ here to address. It’s a happy memory which makes you smile, and so it should.
And, now that enough time has passed, it’s possible you could rekindle a friendship. Nothing heavy- just a chance to relive some memories that only you two share.
The life lesson! THE STAR. Not every love leads to ‘together forever’ but that doesn’t mean it wasn’t a wish-come-true at the time, nor that it’s not been a valuable part of your life.
Appreciate this for what it is, and wish each other well.
Aquarius
You learned what you DON’T want
12
The ‘who’? FIVE OF WANDS. Oh, the rows, the endless tension and frantic bickering- god, it was exhausting and- though you like a challenge- this was all a bit too much. They were just too much.
The ‘energy’? THREE OF COINS. They were on at you all the time, expecting more, demanding their needs be met, throwing disappointment and sulky shade your way if not. You felt, in the end, that you were walking on eggshells, and that you were merely there to make them happy. What about you?
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? PAGE OF CUPS. Through this toxic pairing, you discovered how much you need the gentle, creative and social energy of the Page of Cups. A partner for you has to be fun, adventurous and loose on the reins. You need space, you’ve learnt that the hard way.
The life lesson! TEN OF SWORDS. This card means THE END, GOOD RIDDANCE, NEVER AGAIN. And that’s that really. Let’s move on.
Pisces
There’s life left in this
12
The ‘who’? NINE OF CUPS. Oh, this was one of those where you had fancied them for AGES. The crushing went on for some time, and you daydreamed about them constantly, and were then miraculously rewarded with their genuine attention and affection. You were on cloud 9.
The ‘energy’? THE STAR. It was lovely, it was dreamy, it was a golden era... and the disappointment you felt when it was over has lingered ever since.
The ‘what should you do- if anything’? KNIGHT OF CUPS. There’s still life in this one. The Knight of Cups is the tarot’s charmer, the lover who sweeps you off your feet. It might not necessarily last the course… but it could be worth a spin out. A grand gesture is what’s required, if you’re up for it.
The life lesson! SEVEN OF WANDS. Did this end because of some competition or rivalry, or jealousy? This card represents those attributes and they can really spoil something good.
You know better now. Appreciate what you have and trust it’s yours; guard against the sabotaging need to snoop, spy or cling too tightly. You’re either what they want, or not. And you’re still awesome either way.
 
Want to know more? You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, at www.kerrykingtarot.etsy.com
Most read in Fabulous BOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks MARK OF RESPECT Meghan Markle 'has been warned by Palace over clashing with senior royals' KNOT OK? Groom's mother sparks fury after wearing BRIDAL gown to son's wedding OFF THE MARK Meghan is ‘not popular’ in lots of posh social circles claims royal author 
If you need more cosmic guidance, get your daily horoscopes here.
Here's how to calculate your rising sign - and what it means.
And find out about your Chinese horoscope here.
Frank Pilkington - Montage of horoscopes 
 

