Susan Boyle and 2012 winner Ashleigh Butler are in talks to join Britain’s Got Talent: The Champions
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/8709724/susan-boyle-ashleigh-butler-britains-got-talent-the-champions/
24th March 2019, 8:30 pm
SUSAN BOYLE was pipped by Diversity on Britain’s Got Talent back in 2009.
But ten years on she might finally be able to claim a title.
Getty - Contributor9 Susan Boyle is tipped to be returning to Britain’s Got Talent: The Champions after impressing Simon Cowell on America’s Got Talent: The Champions
I can reveal the singer is in advanced negotiations for Britain’s Got Talent: The Champions after impressing Simon Cowell on America’s Got Talent: The Champions, where she made it through to this year’s final 12.
The new show is part of a shake-up for the BGT and X Factor brands, which will see The Champions version join the regular series, while X Factor is set to get celebrity and all-star versions.
A TV insider said: “American viewers were furious when SuBo didn’t win and now Simon wants to give her a ­second shot by getting her on the British version of the show.
“Susan’s a great competitor, has a fascinating back story and is really popular with the British public. She came second in her original appearance and got near on AGT — so this could be third time lucky.”
Rex Features9 Ashleigh Butler, who wowed with her dancing dog Pudsey, is expected to return with new dog Sully, above
Getty - Contributor9 The new 'Champions' show is part of Simon Cowell's shake-up for the BGT and X Factor brands
Glasgow-born SuBo isn’t the only former star in talks to join the line-up for the show.
BGT’s 2012 winner Ashleigh Butler, who wowed with her dancing dog Pudsey, has also been approached to take part, as well as dancer George Sampson, who triumphed in 2008.
Sadly, Ashleigh’s talented pet died in 2017 so she’s set to appear on the show with his replacement Sully — a border collie, bichon frise and Chinese crested cross.
From a distance, you can hardly tell the difference . . .
Susan Boyle blows audience away with ‘I Dreamed A Dream’ in America's Got Talent: Champions final

READ MORE FROM ANDY HALLS' BIZARRE TV COLUMN

Rich pickings for Vic's beau
VICTORIA returned to ITV last night and the drama’s bosses are already eyeing up a hunk to replace Tom Hughes, whose character Prince Albert will die in the next series.
Writer Daisy Goodwin thinks Bodyguard actor Richard Madden could be perfect as the queen’s love interest in series four as her Scottish personal attendant John Brown.
ITV9 ITV bosses are already eyeing up a hunk to replace Tom Hughes, whose character Prince Albert will die in the next series
Daisy told The Sun: “I’m still thinking about that, but the hottest Scotsman around at the moment is Richard Madden – he would definitely be good.”
But that could be awkward for leading lady Jenna Coleman – who dated the actor between 2011 and 2015 – especially as Daisy is planning a storyline that is much more “full blooded” than previous depictions of the queen’s relationship.
Judi Dench and Billy Connolly played the pair in 1997 film Mrs Brown.
Daisy added: “Victoria was 42 when Albert died and when you look at pictures of John Brown he was a very attractive man.
Getty - Contributor9 Jenna with ex Richard Madden, who's being tipped to join the Victoria cast... awkward
“I haven’t written that bit yet, but I wouldn’t be at all surprised if it was a more rambunctious relationship than the one seen between Judi Dench and Billy Connolly.
“It would be a more full-blooded one and they were much younger.”
That could be the sticking point for Rich.

Must watch
WHAT? Fleabag, BBC1, 10.35pm.
WHY? Fleabag (Phoebe Waller-Bridge) turns to The Priest (Andrew Scott) for solace . . .  only to find more trouble as she deals with an unexpected revelation.

Francis rap for TV chiefs
IT’S heartening to see the conversation about mental health continuing more than a week after the tragic death of Love Island’s Mike Thalassitis.
Rex Features9 Francis Boulle is the latest celeb to join the conversation on mental health
Made In Chelsea star Francis Boulle is the latest name to join the discussion after The Sun launched the Let’s Talk campaign alongside suicide prevention charity Papyrus.
Speaking to mark eviivo’s National B&B Week, Francis said: “I think often the focus on the production companies is to make great TV.
9 The Sun launched the Let’s Talk campaign alongside suicide prevention charity Papyrus
“Sometimes people’s mental health is a secondary priority – and that means mental health, and vulnerable people, can be subordinate to the aims of production.”
I’m right behind anything that can help the industry change for the better.
Made In Chelsea's Francis Boulle stays in B&amp;B for B&amp;B Week


GET professional suicide prevention advice in confidence at PAPYRUS HopelineUK on 0800 068 4141 or email pat@papyrus-uk.org


MOST READ IN TVTHE STAGE IS SET Spice Girls send fans wild with first look at 90s-style reunion tour stage BLACK MOURNING Alabama 3 singer Jake Black who wrote The Sopranos theme song dies SCREEN TIME As Game of Thrones ends, here's how long it takes to watch TV classic series DRESSED TO KILL Killing Eve's Jodie Comer spotted in killer outfit on set of her new movie DO YA THINK I'M SEX-SEA Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster grab some rock & stroll in Southend MEG'S BATTLE Megan Barton-Hanson had surgery to avoid 'pain' of looking in the mirror 
Flack's abroad
9 A pint and suncream - Caroline Flack's got it covered on her hols in Dubai
CAROLINE FLACK has all the bases covered on her Dubai holiday – going effortlessly from meditation to sinking a pint.
The Love Island host jetted to the Middle East at the weekend with pals Pussycat Dolls star Ashley Roberts and PR girl Becky Knowles. Some classic yoga poses got the girls relaxed, before Caroline posted a classic holiday snap – ­holding a beer with the caption: “Brit Abroad.” Getting that Majorca tan started early, I see.
9 Love Island host Caroline jetted to the Middle East at the weekend with pals Pussycat Dolls star Ashley Roberts and PR girl Becky Knowles
SOAPBOX
SHARON is pleased in EASTENDERS when Keanu returns to Walford and she texts him asking to meet – but Keanu isn’t interested and he sends Phil instead.
Later, Danny Hardcastle – one of Phil’s dodgy associates – turns up with instructions.
Phil realises he will have to work alongside Keanu to keep Danny happy.
Meanwhile in HOLLYOAKS, as bridezilla Myra gets ready, Mercedes confesses her sins to Joel, wanting to start married life with a clean slate.
Liam insists Mercedes polishes his shoes and even acts as his footstool – otherwise, he will report Sylver for assault. As the day continues, Liam has an even more astonishing demand.
Mercedes must jilt Sylver at the altar . . .



GOT a story? RING The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk



