Singleton addicted to sex toys splurges £1,000 on kinky Valentine’s Day gifts for herself – and claims her gadgets are more reliable than men
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/5555910/singleton-26-who-is-addicted-to-sex-toys-splurges-1000-on-kinky-valentines-day-gifts-for-herself-and-claims-her-gadgets-are-more-reliable-than-men/
12th February 2018, 9:50 am
A SINGLETON who claims to be addicted to sex toys has splashed £1,000 on kinky gifts for herself ahead of Valentine’s Day.
Koran Lake, 26, from Lincolnshire, bought her first vibrator last January after breaking up with her boyfriend.
Danni Levy5 Koran Lake has spent £1,000 on sex toys for herself ahead of Valentine's Day
She began experimenting with a variety of X-rated gadgets, and now says anyone she dates must be willing to let her playthings in on the bedroom action.
Koran, an admin worker, has confessed to having an addiction to sex toys for the past year. She said: “I first bought myself a sex toy last January when I broke up with my boyfriend.
“It was just a standard vibrator, but it gave me the same level of satisfaction I’d been getting from my relationship - without the drama. At that time, I didn’t realise what a diverse range of toys were available.”
Keen to learn more, a newly-single Koran browsed the internet. She said: “When I stopped and searched, I realised there was so much more to the adult toy market than the obvious.
Danni Levy5 Koran turned to X-rated playthings after splitting from her boyfriend last year
“I began experimenting with some more interesting gadgets, both when I was alone and when I was dating.
“I discovered a whole new world and found that I loved the thrill of opening a new toy for each session.”
Koran gets bored of new plaything quickly, and always likes to experiment with ‘what’s hot’ in the adult gift world.
She said: “My friends joke that I get bored of my toys more quickly than they get bored of men.
Danni Levy5 Koran's kinky haul includes a variety of vibrators and lubricants
“I do still date men and I’ve actually just started seeing someone now, but they always have to let my toys in on the action.
“The bottom line is sex toys don’t lie to you, cheat on you, or tell you they’re too tired for action.
“You can depend on sex toys more than you can on any man. I’m not ruling out marriage in future but I definitely wouldn’t dump my dildos for anyone.”
Koran went on her biggest sex toy binge yet this week, spending over £1,000. The most expensive item on her shopping list was the £74.79 Key by Jopen Comet II Rechargeable G Spot Wand.
Supplied5 The most expensive item on Koran's shopping list was the £74.79 Key by Jopen Comet II Rechargeable G Spot Wand
She said: “A new website called Pride and Passion popped up and they have so many new things I wanted to try. As it’s Valentine’s Day I thought I’d treat myself- I mean, why not?!
“I did plan on just getting a handful of things, but I ended up going overboard. I’ve already started trying them out and my favourite is the ‘Vooom Vibe’.”
Koran accepts people might think she’s sex crazy, but she insists that’s not the case.
She said: “Women buy a different pair of shoes for each occasion and a different dress for every do, so what’s wrong with having a range of sex toys to enjoy?
Danni Levy5 Koran would love to turn her passion into a business by set up her own sex toy site
“Just because I have a lot of adult gadgets doesn’t mean I sit there playing with them 24 hours a day. I go to work, I see my friends and I have hobbies.
“Sometimes I might only get in the mood once a week, it’s just that when I do I love to get my toys involved. Most men actually get turned on by the idea too.”
Koran is now thinking of starting her own online sex toy business via the website.
She said: “I noticed you can earn money by referring people on Pride and Passion so I think I might sign up and do that as a sideline business.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands 
“I would love to have a career designing sex toys or testing them out- it’s so much fun.
“My dream would be to have my own brand. For now, I will make do with my new stash and I will definitely be having loads of fun this Valentine’s - man or not!”
A spokesman for Pride and Passion told The Sun Online: “We are a relatively new website, but this order is definitely the largest we’ve seen from a single consumer.
“We hope Koran enjoys the products and welcome customer feedback.”
Meanwhile, you can now buy a The Shape Of Water sex toy - and no-one’s sure how to feel about it.
And, here's a peek inside the Chinese sex doll factory that's making ‘smart’ robots that can talk, play music and even do the dishes.
This sex robot laughs at your jokes and washes your dishes

