Liverpool would have been better off buying Southampton than splashing £170m on six stars, like Sadio Mane and Virgil van Dijk
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/5551459/liverpool-would-have-been-better-off-buying-southampton-than-splashing-170m-on-six-stars-like-sadio-mane-and-virgil-van-dijk/
11th February 2018, 3:05 pm
LIVERPOOL would have been better off simply buying Southampton Football Club, rather than splashing £175million on six stars over the years.
The Reds take on Saints on Sunday afternoon in the Premier League - with a hatful of ex-St Mary's players set to line-up for Jurgen Klopp's men.
Getty9 A number of ex-Southampton stars could line-up for Liverpool on Sunday, including Adam Lallana and Sadio Mane
Amazingly, Southampton sold 80 per cent of the club to Chinese businessman Gao Jisheng for just £210m last summer... a fraction more than the Reds' recent signings.
In recent seasons, the Reds have raided Southampton for stars including Dejan Lovren, Adam Lallana, Sadio Mane and Virgil van Dijk.
Rickie Lambert and Nathaniel Clyne are just two other big-names to swap St Mary's for Anfield - for a bill totalling around £170m.
Incredibly, an 80 per cent stake in the club - and all the players that fall within it - cost a mere £35m more... roughly the cost of Mane's move north.
PA:Press Association9 Liverpool could have almost afforded Southampton FC in total for the cost of signing six players from Saints in recent seasons
AFP9 Gao Jisheng bought 80 per cent of Southampton FC for £210m last summer
The club as a whole, based on those figures, would cost closer to £260m - or perhaps more since the recent TV deal was signed.
With Liverpool using Southampton like a feeder club, we take a look at the players signed in recent years and rated their life at Anfield out of ten...

BEST BUDS Mo Salah and Sadio Mane, Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic... the Premier League's best-ever partnerships

RICKIE LAMBERT- £4m
PA:Empics Sport9 Rickie Lambert was one of the first Southampton players to head to Anfield
The first of the recent movers, Lambert "fulfilled a lifelong dream" in signing for Liverpool, in a £4m deal.
However, the ex-England man never really fired on all cylinders at the Reds, scoring twice in 25 Premier League appearances.
Rating: 3/10
ADAM LALLANA - £25m
Getty9 Adam Lallana is one of six stars to swap Saints for Liverpool in recent years
Despite being surrounded by stars including Luis Suarez, Philippe Coutinho and Mohamed Salah in recent years, Lallana has forever been one of Liverpool's most consistent performers.
Despite showing flashes of brilliance at the Reds, the England man is all-too-often injured, blighting an otherwise strong career at Anfield.
Rating: 7/10
Full Sunday Premier League preview featuring Newcastle v Manchester United and Southampton v Liverpool
MORE FOOTBALL FEATURESPEPE LE CHEW Pepe's dad was prison guard - but he nearly lost career over stolen chocolate ROD THE SOD QPR legend Marsh a 'flashy sod' who got himself in trouble as outspoken pundit DER PRINZ Franz Beckenbauer's grandson Luca ready to live up to famous surname PicturedMEDICAL KIT Old Spanish football shirts brilliantly turned into hospital gowns for ill kids Pie Addick Ex Charlton star Paul Konchesky now runs a successful pie and mash cafe in Essex thatch of the day Stars pay up to £30,000 on hair transplants to get ahead of their rivals Heart ach Achraf Hakimi dating 'world's most beautiful actress' 12 years older than him Top Pog Paul Pogba's stunning array of motors is worth £1.6m and includes £260k Ferrari 812 End of an era Roma legend De Rossi came close to winning Serie A but was sadly second best APPY DAYS Stars use WhatsApp for everything.. banter, team news, transfers and buying cars Lone Ranger Scotland icon Goram's career marred by addictions to drink, gambling and sex joao factor Benfica's £105m-rated prodigy Joao Felix is the heir to King Cristiano's throne 
DEJAN LOVREN - £20m
Reuters9 Dejan Lovren has endured a mixed career at Liverpool since leaving St Mary's
So often the scapegoat, the error-prone centre-back was an absolute rock for Southampton.
While he has often faltered at Liverpool, he is also regularly one of Liverpool's best players, copping the flak somewhat harshly at times...
Rating: 6/10
NATHANIEL CLYNE - £12.5m
Rex Features9 Nathaniel Clyne has been Mr Consistent for Liverpool when fit in recent years
Another ex-Saints star on the books of Liverpool persistently stuck on the sidelines through injury.
Despite being out all season so far, Clyne has for so long been the Reds' best defender.
Rating: 8/10
Has Virgil van Dijk actually improved Liverpool's defence since his £75m move? 
MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 
SADIO MANE - £34m
Getty9 Sadio Mane has arguably been the best former Saints player at Liverpool
If it wasn't for new-boy Salah, Mane would be a no-brainer for the best player on Liverpool's books.
As it is, the Reds have paired their two rapid forwards alongside Roberto Firmino, to devastating effect.
Rating: 9/10
VIRGIL VAN DIJK - £75m
AFP9 Virgil van Dijk is now Liverpool's record signing after joining in January from Saints
A club-record buy this January, Van Dijk finally got his move to Liverpool.
While he enjoyed a goal and a man of the match outing on debut in the FA Cup clash with Everton, his form since has been patchy.
Rating: 6/10

