Tim Cahill, Thierry Henry, Didier Drogba… and Dean Windass: The footballers who have returned to their former clubs as heroes
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/5530878/thierry-henry-didier-drogba-dean-windass-johan-cruyff-tim-cahill/
9th February 2018, 10:04 am
TIM CAHILL described his return to Millwall as "coming home" when he signed a deal until the end of the season last month.
The Australian was idolised by fans at most of the clubs he played for - but none more so than at the Lions.
PA:Empics Sport21 Tim Cahill was revered at Millwall after making his debut for the club in 1998
AFP21 The dominant midfielder became one of the finest Australian players of all time
He left 14 years ago to join Everton - but now he will be stomping around The Den once again.
And his second debut is set to come tonight against Cardiff in the Championship, fitting that it will be at 'home'.
A player giving 100 per cent every time they pull on the shirt, thundering into tackles, and being angry and upset at losing will endear themselves to fans all the time.
As will helping lead the side to successes on the field.
Here, SunSport checks out seven footballers who have returned to their former clubs as heroes.

Reuters21 Tim Cahill was emotional after announcing he had singed a deal with Millwall until the end of the season

Thierry Henry - Arsenal

Thierry Henry came to Arsenal as a raw, left winger in 1999 and left them in 2007 as a world-class striker.
The Frenchman scored an incredible 226 goals for the Gunners before deciding he wanted to test himself in La Liga with Barcelona.


A three year spell there, and 35 goals in 80 games saw him plan to finish out his career in the US with New York Red Bulls.
Reuters21 Thierry Henry was transformed into a world class player during his time at Arsenal
News Group Newspapers Ltd21 The French striker decided he wanted to test himself with Barcelona in La Liga
But then came a two-month spell back where it really all began - at Arsenal.
It didn't matter how good he was going to be - Arsenal fans couldn't believe their eyes that the French maverick was back wearing the white and red.
The highlight in his second spell was scoring the winner against Leeds in the FA Cup 10 minutes after coming on, and then scoring the winner against Sunderland in his final ever game for the club.
Arsene: Henry's coming home
Romario - Vasco de Gama and Flamengo
It's no surprise such was Romario's popularity as well as the fact that he was one of the greatest ever striker, that he was well-loved by the clubs he played for.
The striker started out at Vasco da Gama in 1985, and would return to the club 15 years later for a second spell.
But he wasn't quite ready to end that love affair.
Times Newspapers Ltd21 Romario started out at Vasco da Gama - and would return to the club three more times
He left the club again in 2002 only to return in 2005, and then having departed a third time in 2006 for spells with Miami FC and Adelaide United, he came 'home' in 2007.
He also enjoyed two spells at Flamengo, where on one occasion so desperate where the press to get a word with him when he was subbed, they interrupted the match to grab him on the pitch.
Romario says he has scored 1,000 goals in all competitions of professional football. And we are not going to argue with him.
Reuters21 Romario was brilliant to have on your team, but a pain to the opposition

GRANDMASTER POTTER Footie legend is now a Taekwondo star

Ian Rush - Liverpool
The first of our Liverpool entrants, the man that made the moustache famous in England's top flight had been a prolific scorer for six years.
So he decided to try his luck in Italy with Juventus, in a British record transfer fee of £3.2million in 1987.
But after just one season he was back on Merseyside, and Reds fans couldn't have been happier.
Getty21 Ian Rush scored an astounding 346 goals in two spells with Liverpool
News Group Newspapers Ltd21 The Welsh striker decided to try his luck in Italy with Juventus - but he was soon back on Merseyside
He resumed banging in the goals, after scoring only seven times in 29 games in Italy, and the Kop were in full voice of "Rushie is back, Rushie is back".
Rush played for Leeds, Newcastle, Sheffield United, Wrexham and even Sydney Olympic later on, but nothing was anywhere near as prolific as his time at Liverpool.
He finished with an astonishing 346 goals for the Reds.
News Group Newspapers Ltd21 Ian Rush will be forever remembered a a legend at Liverpool but he didn't manage to win this FA Cup in the end in 1995
Didier Drogba - Chelsea
He may have joined Chelsea for a huge £24m back in the day, in 2004, but few would have suggested that Didier Drogba would go down as a Chelsea legend.
His crowning moment ended up being his 'final' hurrah.
The Ivorian stepped up to fire home the winning penalty that saw Chelsea win the Champions League in 2012, seeing off Bayern Munich.
AP:Associated Press21 Didier Drogba ended his first spell at Chelsea by winning the Champions League and scoring the winning penalty in the shoot-out
AFP21 The Ivorian then flew out to join up with Shanghai Shenhua in the Chinese Super League
And let's not forget he headed home the Blues's 88th minute equaliser to cancel out Thomas Muller's strike in the 83rd minute.
But two years later the giant striker was back, joining on a free from Galatasaray after an earlier stint at Shanghai Shenhua.
At the end of the season, after being used as cover for Diego Costa, Drogba announced he would be leaving again.
He ended up being carried off by his team-mates when substituted on 30 minutes in Chelsea's final game of the season, a 3-1 win against Sunderland.
He scored 164 goals in his two spells with the West London side.
PA:Press Association21 But soon he was back, much to the delight of the Chelsea fans, as he provided the back-up for Diego Costa
Legend Drogba: It's the last time I'll be at Chelsea
Johan Cruyff - Ajax
The man who had a 'turn' named after him was rightly idolised by fans of his first club, Ajax.
Many believe he was one of the most influential footballers of his time, being the focal point of the Dutch club's 'Total Football'.
He played for Ajax for nine years between 1964 and 1973 before he moved for a world record £1.4m to Barcelona.
Getty21 Johan Cruyff will go down as one of football's greatest ever, and was revered by Ajax
EMPICS Sports Photo Agency21 The love of Ajax fans for Johan Cruyff then switched to Barcelona fans
Then, after spells with Los Angeles Aztecs, Washington Diplomats and Levante, Cruyff returned to Ajax, seven 16 years after leaving.
The fans were jubilant, and after finishing second in the league in his first season back, Cruyff helped the Amsterdam outfit to two successive league titles in 1981/82 and 1982/83.
Fans even forgave him for a move to fierce rivals Feyenoord - done because he was fuming at not being offered another deal by Ajax.
And obviously, he continued scoring and was named player of the year.
Getty - Contributor21 Like a dream come true, Ajax fans were rejoicing when Johan Cruyff returned to the Dutch club, eight years after leaving
Robbie Fowler - Liverpool

Fan are always likely to get behind the 'local lad done good' - and in Robbie Fowler they knew there was something very special on their hands.
Making his debut in 1993, Fowler would go on to become one of the top flight's most lethal finishers.
A particular highlight came in Liverpool's 3-0 win against rivals Arsenal in 1994/95, where he scored a hat-trick that reigned as the fastest ever until 2015 and Sadio Mane broke it.
News Group Newspapers Ltd21 Robbie Fowler was nicknamed 'God' during his time at Liverpool by the club's passionate fans
PA:Press Association21 Desperate for game time, Fowler decided to move to Leeds, but he would soon be back
Team-mate Steve McManaman described him as 'the greatest goalscorer of all time'.
After an eight-year spell delighting the Kop with his goalscoring, and contentious celebrations, Fowler, who was nicknamed 'God' by Reds fans, joined Leeds for £12m in 2001.
But he would be back.
After a lean spell at Manchester City, Fowler rejoined Liverpool on a free transfer in 2006.
And fans continued with the love-in. Overtaking Kenny Dalglish as the club's all-time record goalscorer.
He ended his second spell at the club totalling 183 goals in 369 games.
Reuters21 But Liverpool fans couldn't believe what they were seeing when the local lad returned to Anfield
Dean Windass - Hull
He is in with some illustrious company for sure in this feature.
But journeyman striker Dean Windass deserves to be - he will go down in Hull history as the man who fired to top-flight football for the first time in their history.
And the man himself couldn't have been prouder.
Getty Images - Getty21 Dean Windass scored the multi-million pound goal for Hull in the Championship play-off final that sent Hull into the Premier League
Windass started his professional career with the Tigers in 1991,  and 16 years later he was back at the club he loves.
And the script with the club was completed in the most dramatic of fashion.
In the Championship play-off final against Bristol City, Windass volleyed in an absolute beauty that proved to be the only goal of the game.
It opened up the Tigers to reap the benefits of untold millions in the Premier League.
The strike itself was labelled the '£60m goal'.
He went on to score his last Premier League goal at the age of 39 - becoming Hull's oldest ever scorer.
News Group Newspapers Ltd21 Dean Windass played for a host of other football clubs, including in the Premier League with Middlesbrough


