Arsenal and Tottenham facing competition from Chinese clubs for Bordeaux’s Brazilian ace Malcom
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/5511209/arsenal-tottenham-news-malcom-bordeaux-chinese-super-league/
6th February 2018, 10:41 am
ARSENAL and Tottenham reportedly face competition from the Chinese Super League for Bordeaux star Malcom.
The 20-year-old Brazilian was strongly linked with a move to the Premier League during last month's transfer window.
AFP6 Arsenal and Tottenham face competition to sign Bordeaux star Malcom
However, Telefoot claim that a number of clubs from the Far East are ready to try and tempt him to Asia.
The star winger made no secret of his desire to leave France to continue the "progress" in his career.
But after talks with Bordeaux president Stephane Martin he ended up staying with the Girondins as they "needed" him to help secure a top six finish.
He said: "I wanted to leave, to tell you the truth.
Getty6 A number of Chinese Super League clubs are reportedly interested in his services
AFP6 The Brazilian winger was heavily linked with a move to the Prem last month
"It's my dream to progress in my career.
"I spoke with the president, and he told me that he knew it was my dream but that he needed me.

LIGUE OF THEIR OWN Meet the Brazilian tearing up French football and it isn't Neymar

"I told him he could count on me until the end [of the season].
"I will do everything to bring Bordeaux to the top six in Ligue 1."
LATEST ARSENAL NEWSLive BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates GossipWANTED MAN Arsenal joined by Juventus in transfer race for £31m Roma defender Manolas GossipWILL HE GO? Arsenal eye £25m transfer for 18-year-old Saint-Etienne defender William Saliba ExclusiveGUNNING FOR A MOVE Carrasco gives Arsenal hint by admitting he's ready to quit China GossipAL BE ON MY WAY Arsenal considering launching £9m bid for Lorient forward Claude-Maurice GUNNER GET YA Ziyech said he wanted 'dream' Arsenal move... and is now available at £25m 
Malcom signed for the club in January 2016 and has gone on to become a key man in the South West of France.
He made a stunning start to the current campaign and bagged five goals in the first nine games of the season.
But since then he and his team-mates have suddered a dip in form.
AFP - Getty6 Malcom made no secret of his desire to leave France in order to 'progress'
Getty6 He was persuaded to stay with Bordeaux after talks with the club president
AFP6 Malcom is desperate to help Bordeaux finish in the top six of Ligue 1
After just one win in eight matches Jocelyn Gourvennec was axed as boss, being replaced by Gus Poyet.
And the ex-Sunderland and Brighton chief has proved to be a shot in the arm for Bordeaux, leading them to two wins out of two since taking over.
Bordeaux attacker Malcom with an embarrassing dive that wins his side a penalty against Lyon
And Malcom recently admitted that he needed to pick up his performances after striking his first goal of 2018 in the win over Lyon.
He said: "I know I can do better. I will try to do everything because I like Bordeaux.
"I will give everything until the end to show that I stayed to help and do better."
💰How to win £1MILLION with Sun Six💰
SUN SIX is the new predictor game where you can win £1million - just by correctly picking the results of six games.
Here is how to get your mitts on the million:

Make your picks - predict the scores from these six games
Enter your details - quickly sign up to Sun Bets so we can contact you
Score £1m - Watch the scores roll in and you can win £1m

Top pundits IAN WRIGHT and DANNY HIGGINBOTHAM have made their picks for this week if you need a steer.
And remember, you can claim a free £30 bet with Sun Bets when you sign up put a tenner on this weekend's football here.


