Theresa May vows Brexit will bring ‘golden age’ of links with China as Britain opens to the world
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5464761/theresa-may-china-trip-golden-age-brexit/
31st January 2018, 1:52 pm
THERESA May has promised that the golden era of relations between the UK and China will get even better after Brexit.
Speaking on her first official trip to the country since she came into No10, the Prime Minister said trade and cooperation would be boosted in the coming years as we finally get free of the EU.
Reuters14 Theresa May vowed to boost trade with China after Brexit during her first trip to to the country
Mrs May said that "much progress" had been made on the first of her three-day trip, and ties with business will be deepened further with new partnerships.
She said during a press conference this morning: "We will intensify the golden era of UK-China relations... as the UK leaves the EU and becomes ever more outward-looking, we are committed to delivering broad and deep partnerships and working together to tackle global challenges."
Announcing a range of new deals between China and the UK, expecting to total £9billion, she said that both countries shared cultural ties and made strong contributions to one another's economies.
And the Chinese Premier Li vowed: "Our relationship will not change with the changes of EU-UK relations."
AP:Associated Press14 And Premier Li said that Brexit wouldn't harm our strong relationship with China
EPA14 Theresa May and the Chinese Premier committed to deeper trade links after Brexit
AP:Associated Press14 Mrs May and Trade Secretary Liam Fox held talks with Chinese officials earlier today
He said he had "faith in the brighter prospects of China-UK ties" and the pair had spoken at length about how to "uphold free trade and advance globalisation".
"No matter what changes may happen, China will remain committed it its policy of developing friendly ties with the UK," he promised.
Although EU rules prevent us signing a trade deal until Britain is officially out of the EU, both leaders talked up prospects of getting one in the pipeline, and have launched a joint trade and investment review today.
It will look at opportunities and barriers which currently restrict trade.
"China is a country we want to do a trade deal with," Mrs May said on her journey there. "But I think there is more that we could be doing in the interim and doing right now".
The two countries have agreed to lift a ban on British beef exports to China within six months, Mrs May confirmed, and said that they were exploring new ways of pushing Britain's world-leading financial services firms to reach more Chinese consumers.
Mrs May also revealed that she is working closely together with Chinese leaders to stop "reckless" North Korea attacking the world with nukes.
And she admitted there was more to do to make sure that people can "achieve the British dream of ensuring that each generation has a better future than the last."
British beef back on the menu in China, PM revealsBRITISH beef is going back on the menu in China for the first time since the BSE crisis  erupted 20 years ago, Theresa May revealed today.In a deal worth up to £500 million to British farmers,  Mrs May said China was opening the door to beef and dairy exports from the UK.
The first shipments could head to the Far East in July.
China's de-facto deputy president Li Keqiang said Beijing wanted to give the country's burgeoning middle class  the opportunity to buy "higher quality" cuts.
Speaking alongside Premier Li, the PM said: "We have agreed new measures to improve market access in China and remove barriers to trade.
"This includes an agreement to make progress on the lifting of the BSE ban on British beef exports within six months and an agreement to allow exports of a broader range of dairy products from the UK to China.”
British beef and veal exports leapt 45 per cent to countries outside Europe in the first half of 2017 - but the shipments were worth just £23 million.
The European Union slapped a global ban on British beef exports in 1996 after the outbreak of "Mad Cow" disease.
Both Japan and the US have recently vowed to lift the ban.
Downing Street said the lifting of restrictions on beef and dairy products could be worth as much as £500 million in five years.

Prime Minister Theresa May hails golden era of China relations in trade trip
The Chinese rolled out the red carpet for her upon her arrival - and she was presented with two huge bunches of flowers as soon as she got off the plane last night.
Today Theresa May inspected troops at the Great Hall of the People in Tiananmen Square on arrival in China's capital. A military band greeted her with a rendition of God Save the Queen.
She visited Wuhan University to meet students at a UK-China Spirit of Youth festival. Wuhan - two hours from Beijing - has the highest student population of any city in the world.
The PM was greeted by famous Chinese actress Jiang Shu-Ying, who studied at the University of East Anglia and is an ambassador for the scheme, as well as the Communist Party secretary of Hubei province, Jiang Chaoliang.
More than 200 Chinese students of English and young Britons studying in Wuhan cheered and took videos on their mobile phones as Mrs May took to the stage to announce a series of new educational links between the countries.
She told them: "By learning with each other and from each other, we can continue to develop the bond of friendship on which this golden era of UK-Chinese relations is built, bringing our people together not just now but for years to come."
PA:Press Association14 Theresa May and her husband Philip arriving in China today
PA:Press Association14 She was presented with flowers upon landing in China for her first trade trip
The PM later visited the bank of the Yangtze River to view a project aimed at tackling chronic plastic pollution. The waterway carries 1.5 million tonnes of plastic into the ocean every year.
Mrs May was later joined by husband Philip to watch an open-air performance of Chinese opera at Wuhan's pagoda-style Yellow Crane Tower.
And she has promised not to shy away from raising human rights issues with China's leaders on the three-day trip.
"I will be raising both human rights and the issue of Hong Kong," Mrs May told reporters travelling with her to China - which was later confirmed by the Chinese premier.
She wrote in the Financial Times today that she wanted to “step up our relationship with China as it opens up its markets, spreads its prosperity and embraces free trade”.
And she is keen to push the "golden age" of relations between the two nations - and will drum up support for a trade deal when we quit the EU.
But she admitted the two nations didn’t always see “eye to eye”.
"We also need to protect the rules-based approach that underpins and enables robust, sustainable, free-flowing global trade," she added.
"All large economies have a special responsibility to show leadership on this front."
The Prime Minister will risk tension by telling them to stop flogging Chinese steel on the cheap - hurting UK firms.
She will hold crunch talks with President Xi Jinping tomorrow.
Getty Images - Getty14 She watched an outdoor opera perform alongside her husband
Getty Images - Getty14 The PM and her husband watch an open-air performance of Chinese opera at Wuhan's pagoda-style Yellow Crane Tower
EPA14 The performance was put on the first day of her trade trip
This afternoon a No10 spokesperson indicated that they would release the leaked studies if a vote in the House of Commons expected later today gives that result.
Last night Mrs May vowed MPs would be "fully informed" about the economic impact of Brexit before they vote on the final EU divorce deal.
As a bitter row raged over the leaked impact assessments, the PM promised the Government would publish the "appropriate analysis" when the time comes - and the work is complete.
And she echoed Brexit Minister Steve Baker by saying the leaked documents that emerged yesterday were a "selective interpretation of a very preliminary analysis".
Mrs May was speaking on route to China as the fierce row exploded in Westminster over the gloomy impact assessment forecasting that growth could be 8 per cent lower over the next 15 years than if the UK stayed in the EU.
Asked about its findings, Mrs May said: " It would be wrong to describe this as 'the Brexit impact assessment'. There is analysis being done.
"This is very preliminary. What has been seen so far is a selective interpretation of a very preliminary analysis, which ministers have not signed off, have not approved, and which doesn't actually even look at the sort of deal that we want to deliver in terms of the future relationship with the European Union."
And the PM insisted the assessment of the 'bespoke' deal she is seeking with the EU would be evaluated - and published. 
She said: "When the time comes for Parliament to vote on the final deal we will ensure that Parliament has the appropriate analysis on which to be fully informed, on which to base their judgement."
Minister faces calls to quit after he questions whether Brexit should happen AT ALL if gloomy impact assessments are trueA MINISTER has questioned whether Brexit should happen AT ALL if gloomy impact assessments about our EU exit turn out to be true.Justice minister Phillip Lee said in an extraordinary Twitter rant that there would be a "serious question" over whether Theresa May could carry on with Brexit if it would damage the country's economy.
Yesterday Brexiteers rounded to slam a leaked report suggesting Britain would be worse off out of the EU - because it didn't look at the preferred option of us getting a special deal.
But Dr Lee said that the Prime Minister had a huge "challenge" in delivering our exit - and said that it would tricky for the Government to lead Britain down a "damaging" path.
He wrote: "The next phase of Brexit has to be all about the evidence. We can’t just dismiss this and move on. If there is evidence to the contrary, we need to see and consider that too.
"But if these figures turn out to be anywhere near right, there would be a serious question over whether a government could legitimately lead a country along a path that the evidence and rational consideration indicate would be damaging. This shows the PM's challenge...
"The PM has been dealt some tough cards and I support her mission to make the best of them. It’s time for evidence, not dogma, to show the way. We must act for our country’s best interests, not ideology & populism, or history will judge us harshly. Our country deserves no less."
And now faces calls to quit too.
Tory MP Andrew Bridgen said Dr Lee should resign if he wanted to oppose the Government.
He said: "The chief whip needs to impose collective responsibility discipline across the government. If he wants to espouse his own views then he should be on the backbenches where he would be free to do so.
"His comments are inaccurate. He said if there is any truth in these figures, but the fact is there is not. They will be proved wrong again.
"It is an attempt to undermine Brexit minister Steve Baker’s response on behalf of the government to the urgent question yesterday."
But No10 said he would not be sacked.
A Downing Street spokesman said today: “He has been spoken to by the Chief Whip and been reminded it’s best to air views in private.”

​Prime Minister ​Theresa May arrives​ in China​ for a three-day trip designed to boost trade after Brexit
PA:Press Association14 And the PM addressed students at Wuhan University in Hubei - where students lined up to take her photo
Reuters14 The Prime Minister at an event at Wuhan University
Reuters14 The Prime Minister is on her first official China trip this week
PA:Press Association14 She discussed pollution in China too in a photo op over the Chinese Yangtze river
EPA14 Queues of Chinese people wait for a glimpse of Mrs May and the Chinese Premier
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan BOO WHAT? Labour bans Julia Hartley-Brewer from Conference for shouting boo in 'safe space' SCAN AND SEARCH Police should use hi-tech cameras to scan yobs for knives, Khan rival says PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find FARAGE BARRAGE What has Nigel Farage said about The Brexit Party and why did he leave UKIP? 
Brexit Minister Steve Baker branded yesterday's leak "an attempted to undermine our exit from the European Union".
The Sun revealed the document was designed to be shown to members of Mrs May's inner Brexit "war cabinet".
Officials from the Treasury, the Cabinet Office Europe Unit and Brexit Department were involved in the drafting.

