Jessie J leaves viewers baffled after appearing as contestant on Chinese talent show Singer – but did she win?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/5420680/jessie-j-leaves-viewers-baffled-after-appearing-as-contestant-on-chinese-talent-show-singer-but-did-she-win/
25th January 2018, 5:41 am
JESSIE J left viewers baffled after she appeared on a talent show in China - as a contestant.
The successful singer songwriter, who was a judge on The Voice UK, shared a clip on Twitter showing her final performance on the Beijing contest Singer.
Jessie J/Instagram8 Jessie J has baffled fans after performing on a Chinese talent show - as a contestant
But after watching her version of Whitney Houston's I Have Nothing, some fans said they were "confused" as to why the 29-year-old artist had entered the competition.
One Twitter user wrote: "Why is Jessie J a contestant on a singing show?... I'm literally confused."
Anya wrote: "Wait wait wait. Jessie J is a contestant on a Chinese talent show? A CONTESTANT????! someone elaborate I’m confused."
JK said: "Wait, I’m confused... Is @JessieJ now a contestant on a singing show? I thought the whole world already know who she was?!?!"
Jessie J/Twitter8 Jessie J performing on Singer in China, where she won the show
Jessie J/Twitter8 When asked why she was taking part, the successful singer songwriter said: 'There’s nothing I can’t do'
While her appearance may have baffled some, the competition itself is actually only open to professional singers - and Jessie was the show's only British contestant.
And unsurprisingly Jessie, real name Jessica Ellen Cornish, was crowned the winner on Saturday night.
When interviewed by the Straits Times about why she was competing in a non-English speaking country, after the first episode aired, the Bang Bang singer said: "Why not?"
She added: "There's nothing I can't do. That's how I feel in my heart… I'm turning 30 this year and I just think, why not?
8 Twitter users expressed their confusion after seeing Jessie J performing on the show
8 Baffled fans tweeted after seeing Jessie performing on Singer
8 One fan shared a meme of Britney Spears looking confused
"It's an experience I'll never forget and may never get again and I'm gonna sing like I've never sung before."
After winning the show with her rendition of Whitney, she posted on Instagram: "*As tears fall down my face* Whitney Houston... You are the reason I started to sing.
"When I heard I will always love you when I was 4 years old. My life changed forever. You are everything. The best to ever do it. No one can ever come close. More than anything, I hope I did you proud.
"Thank you from the bottom of my heart for helping me believe in me. It’s taken me 25 years to find the courage to sing this whole song on stage.
Jessie J/Instagram8 Jessie shared pictures with other contestants from Beijing's talent contest Singer
Jessie J/Instagram8 The star won the show after performing Whitney Houston's I Have Nothing
"It was one of the most unforgettable and special moments of my life... It happened because of you. I love this song, and I will always love you.
"Thank you to everyone watching this, and sharing it and showing my voice love. It’s all it’s ever been about and it’s all it will only ever be about for me. The music, the feeling, the songs and the singing.
"Just an Essex girl with a dream. Representing the UK everywhere I go."
Those who follow Jessie closely on her Instagram will have known she was taking part in the show as she shared pictures from throughout the competition.
MOST READ IN SHOWBIZExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 
And many of her fan base were quick to jump to her defence as her winning performance circulated online.
Donny said: "People are confused about Jessie J being in a Chinese singing competition show but a quick google search will tell you that it’s a competition for singers who are already well known acts."
Daniel wrote: "Why are people confused she did this? China has a HUGE population and she just broadened her fan base. Love @JessieJ and she’s more talented than she’s given credit for."
Moment Brit kid wowed Jessie J on karaoke app

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220


