One of Britain’s most popular gardens was flooded by distraught owner after his son’s death 270 years ago, new book reveals
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5384156/one-of-britains-most-popular-gardens-was-flooded-by-distraught-owner-after-his-sons-death-270-years-ago-new-book-reveals/
19th January 2018, 10:35 pm
ONE of Britain's most famous gardens is built on top of the creator's original design - which he flooded after the death of his son, a new book claims.
The iconic lake, grounds and buildings at Stourhead in Wiltshire is among the best-loved vistas in the country.
SWNS:South West News Service14 Stourhead in Wiltshire is among the best-loved vistas in the country
But an author says the view at the National Trust property is in fact a Plan B - with the first gardens still buried underneath.
Tim Woodbridge says heartbroken owner Henry Hoare II flooded the original lake 270 years ago after the sudden death of his son and heir Henry III, aged just 21.
Tim says he has found evidence that devastated Hoare flooded his first garden because it brought "more pain than pleasure".
It meant the destruction of five years of work by an estimated fifty labourers.
SWNS:South West News Service14 Stourhead Manor was bought in 1717 by Henry Hoare I who replaced it with the Palladian mansion still admired today.
SWNS:South West News Service14 But it was his son, Henry Hoare II, who transformed Stourhead into an Arcadian paradise at the height of neoclassicism in the middle of the 18th Century.
He says he then designed and built the one we know today - but the 'secret garden' is still preserved in silt underground.
Tim says the old garden would be 200 metres in length and includes an ornamental pool, Chinese bridge and canal - all now preserved in silt.
He says it lies below the site's Great Lake, a main part of the tourist attraction in Stourhead.
His book says the garden is now entombed under approximately 30ft of mud, silt and fresh water.
SWNS:South West News Service14 Tim Woodbridge, son of Stourhead's historian and former WWII intelligence codebreaker Kenneth Woodbridge, pictured, says heartbroken owner Henry Hoare II flooded the original lake 270 years ago after the sudden death of his son and heir Henry III, aged just 21.
Getty - Contributor14 Henry Hoare II flooded the original lake 270 years ago after the sudden death of his son and heir Henry III, aged just 21.
The garden's existence was revealed for the first time in The Choice, a new book out this week by Woodbridge, son of Stourhead's historian and former WWII intelligence codebreaker Kenneth Woodbridge.
His conclusions follow research of his late father who spent ten years trawling through Hoare's personal letters, bank ledger entries and documents.
The author spent three years piecing together the evidence for the lost garden from documents in his archive.
Woodbridge concluded that the Great Lake is hiding a "magnificent, dark secret" in its depths - and would have cost a fortune for the era at £5,000.
SWNS:South West News Service14 A landscape by artist Coplestone Warre Bampfyld(left) drawn in 1753 which shows features from the lost garden at Stourhead. The arch and statue of the river god beneath the Temple of Flora can be seen. A modern view of the same feature is seen on the right.
SWNS:South West News Service14 New research has revealed that an older, secret garden may lay buried beneath the silt at the bottom of the iconic lake
SWNS:South West News Service14 A team of around 50 labourers are believed to have spent five years, from 1744 to 1749, building Hoare's dream.
Woodbridge said: "The original garden would have been a real tour de force - a beautiful example of neoclassical design that was meant for his son and heir, Henry."
Stourhead Manor was bought in 1717 by Henry Hoare I who replaced it with the Palladian mansion still admired today.
But it was his son, Henry Hoare II, who transformed Stourhead into an Arcadian
paradise at the height of neoclassicism in the middle of the 18th Century.
Hoare's secret garden was part of a dynasty and memorial for his late wife, Susan, who died in 1743, and a legacy for his son and only surviving heir, Henry Hoare III.
SWNS:South West News Service14 Evidence suggests the Great Lake was made to "obliterate" Hoare's garden following his son Henry's premature death in 1752, aged just 22.
SWNS:South West News Service14 The 18th Century garden, believed to be 200 metres in length, includes an ornamental pool, Chinese bridge and canal - all preserved in silt
SWNS:South West News Service14 It lies below the site's Great Lake, a main part of the tourist attraction in Stourhead, Wilts.
SWNS:South West News Service14 Hoare was the head of one of the country’s richest banking families
A team of around 50 labourers are believed to have spent five years, from 1744 to 1749, building Hoare's dream.
Hoare, a banker and the heir to his family's fortune, later described the result as "…the fruits of industry and application to business that shows what great things may be done by it".
But evidence suggests the Great Lake was made to "obliterate" Hoare's garden following his son Henry's premature death in 1752, aged just 22.
Hoare found the garden a painful reminder of his son and flooded it.
Almost all the monuments and temples remain.
SWNS:South West News Service14 This map shows the outline of the current lake and garden at Stourhead (light blue) and an approximation of the the previously landscaped area (dark blue
SWNS:South West News Service14 An artist's impression of how the lost garden at Stourhead would have looked
The original garden would have featured two smaller lakes to the north and south, with a Chinese bridge crossing the former, a Grand Canal leading to the Temple of Flora to the east, and an ornamental pool on the west side in front of a grotto that still stands today.
The remains of the sentinel oak, plus the foundations for the original lakes, ornamental pool and Chinese bridge, were detected during an underwater survey in 2005.
Ironically, the flooding of the lake has preserved the remains, which lie under many feet of a very fine silt.
Woodbridge, 71, said the cost of digging up the Great Lake makes it unlikely that the original garden would ever be uncovered.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' PARENTS' WORST NIGHTMARE Boy, 4, found dead by his mum after being electrocuted by lamp 'LOVED LIFE' 'Free spirit' student, 21, dies in hotel after 2 bottles of Prosecco & cocaine TILL TOLL Shoppers could soon be charged 1p to use automatic tills ExclusiveULTIMAYTE BETRAYAL Theresa May faces new coup after second EU referendum gamble backfires 
He added: "Hoare set out to create a lasting legacy for Susan and then for Henry.
His lost garden represented the first steps of an artist trying to find himself.
"However, his drive to express his innermost feeling at the loss of his son led him to create a masterpiece, the current garden, which resonates with us today because it speaks to us at a deeper level than if it was simply a piece of good horticultural design."

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

