Meet millionaire porn star Sora Aoi who taught entire generation of Chinese men about sex
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5342938/meet-millionaire-porn-star-sora-aoi-who-taught-entire-generation-of-chinese-men-about-sex/
15th January 2018, 1:14 pm
YOU could almost hearts and laptop screens shattering after Sora Aoi posted a selfie showing off her sparkling new ring to more than 18million social media followers.
The Japanese porn star, widely credited for "educating a generation of Chinese men about sex", went viral after announcing her engagement to musician DJ Non online.
Sara Aoi / Weibo10 Sora Aoi broke millions of hearts when she announced her engagement online
Getty - Contributor10 Born in Tokyo, Sora, 34, is widely credited with teaching a generation of Chinese men about sex
It attracted more than 170,000 replies and 830,000 "thumbs up" on Weibo, the Chinese version of Twitter.
And comments ranged from the objectively sweet - "You were one of my teen superheroes" - to the downright creepy:  "I will imagine of you for at least seven nights to celebrate your happy moment."
To the outside world unaware of her massive influence in the Far East, one thing became very clear, very quickly: To these men, Sara is much, much more than just an adult actress.
Sora, 34, began her career in the early 2000s, during somewhat of a sexual Renaissance in China where pornography, though illegal, is seen as a key source of information about sex.
Sara Aoi / Weibo10 Sora, left, was spotted by a scout while working as a waitress in sushi bars and pizza parlours
Instagram10 Her engagement to Japanese musician DJ Non, left, was met with some very peculiar responses
Sara Aoi / Weibo10 While most fans wished her well, hailing her as their "superhero", one said he "would think about her for seven nights" as an homage to the happy news
The rapid evolution of the internet, the rise of illegal streaming sites and her willingness to engage with her fans all contributed to her rapidly expanding popularity.
By 2005, she was the second most popular female celebrity in Japan in terms of internet searches.
"Sora Aoi seized the right time to rise in China," Prof Wai-Ming Ng from the Chinese University of Hong Kong told the BBC.
He added: "When she became popular in the country, China was opening up to the outside world in various ways, including in terms of sexuality."
Japanese porn star Sora Aoi tackles the Ninja Warrior course
Sara Aoi/Webo10 The rapid evolution of the internet in streaming sites contributed to her meteoric rise to fame
Getty - Contributor10 Such is her fame in the Far East that April 11, the day she joined twitter, is celebrated by her fans as "the night of Aoi Sora"
By opening a Twitter account (which now has 787,000 followers) in 2010, she gave her fans unprecedented access to the focal point of their fantasies for the first time.
The day, April 11, is still celebrated by her fans annually as "the night of Sora Aoi" and her Weibo account has more followers than Taylor Swift or David Beckham.
Born in Tokyo, Japan, her path into the industry was as accidental as her stage name, Aoi Sora.
In an X-rated interview with J Sex Network (JSN), she explained the moniker comes from her favourite colour blue (aoi) and something she loves - the sky (sora).
Japanese porn star Sora Aoi takes part in the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
Getty - Contributor10 Her willingness to engage with her fans and talk about the industry openly made her a fan favourite
Sara Aoi / Weibo10 She has more than 18million followers on Weibo, the Chinese version of Twitter - more than Taylor Swift
She was working odd jobs in pizza parlours, pubs and sushi bars with dreams of becoming a pre-school teacher when a scout spotted her... potential.
She was signed by Kuki Inc, one of the largest producers of Japanese porn at the time, and went on to dozens of movies including "Lust of Nurse" and "Sexy Teacher".
Since retiring from porn seven years ago, she has become a mainstream entertainer, releasing songs and starring in non-pornographic movies.
Such is her popularity that Chinese writer Wenwei Huang believes she has been pivotal in deescalating tensions between China and Japan over post-WWII tension and disputed islands off their waters.
Sara Aoi / Weibo10 Before becoming a porn star, Sora dreamed of being a pre-school teacher
ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ‘HEINOUS ABUSE’ Girl, 3, dies after being 'raped and battered by stepdad while mum watched' MIRACLE TOT Toddler, 3, survives plunging 30ft and being impaled on 6ft-long rod SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 'I WANTED TO GET RID OF HER' Mum, 21, abandoned daughter, 2, to ‘spend time with boyfriend' SISTER'S DESPAIR I believe she's dead, says sister of missing Costa del Sol waitress 
"There was once a popular saying on China's internet: 'Diaoyu Islands belong to China, and Sora Aoi belongs to the world'," he told the BBC. "This is how she relieved the political and civil tensions."
Despite getting out of the industry, Sora previously confessed she "loves" the thought of men watching her movies and luckily her husband does not mind.
"I’ve always wanted to get married. I love kids, and it’s always been my dream to start a lovely family," she told Sora News 24.
She added: "My [husband] is neither handsome nor rich, but he has removed all of my uneasiness about having been in adult films, as well as everything else."

