Barcelona to sell Javier Mascherano to Hebei China Fortune for £7.1m
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/5318353/barcelona-javier-mascherano-hebei-china-fortune-7-1m/
11th January 2018, 12:46 pm
JAVIER MASCHERANO is set to join Chinese side Hebei Fortune for a reported fee of £7.1million.
The 33-year-old may be moving on from the Camp Nou to make space for Barca's £10m signing - Colombian defender Yerry Mina.
EPA5 Mascherano may be on his way out of Barcelona
Spanish outlet Diario Sport claim that a deal has been made with the team from China which will see Mascherano move in this window.
The Argentinian had been a staple in Barca's team since joining from Liverpool in 2010, but has fallen out of favour with boss Ernesto Valverde.
He has only made seven starts in the league this season, with Valverde favouring the likes of Gerard Pique, Samuel Umtiti and even Thomas Vermaelen.
With 23-year-old Mina joining the club, Mascherano could become their fifth choice centre-back if he chooses to stay in Spain.
EPA5 The Argentinian has been at the club since 2010
REUTERS5 The 33-year-old's CV is immaculate with four league titles and two Champions Leagues
The former-Liverpool and West Ham man would be joining up with ex-Manchester City coach Manuel Pellegrini, who manages Hebei Fortune.
He has brought over a wealth of talent to join him in China, with the likes of compatriot Ezequiel Lavezzi, Gervinho and Stephane M'Bia also at the club.
AFP or licensors5 Pellegrini has been managing Hebei China Fortune since 2016
Getty - Contributor5 Ex-PSG and Napoli man Ezequiel Lavezzi has also made the move to China
Mascherano has won all there is to win in domestic football in Spain over his long tenure at Barcelona.
That long list includes four La Liga and Copa del Rey titles and two Champions Leagues - forging him a decorated CV.
Philippe Coutinho thanks Liverpool fans as he joins Barcelona - his dream club
Most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 

