Carlos Tevez has his Shanghai Shenhua contract terminated a year early… and immediately returns to Boca Juniors
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/5281362/carlos-tevez-shanghai-shenhua-contract-terminated/
6th January 2018, 9:54 am
CARLOS TEVEZ has had his Shanghai Shenhua contract terminated a year early after his disastrous start to life in China... and immediately moved back to Boca Juniors.
The Argentine forward, 33, pocketed an astounding £615,000-a-week to play in the Chinese Super League, but failed to inspire - scoring just four times in 16 games.
AFP3 Carlos Tevez has had his Shanghai Shenhua contract terminated a year early
Tevez has long wanted to get away from China and move back to his boyhood Boca Juniors, with that dream now a reality.
Shanghai Shenhua announced the almost inevitable news on Saturday, thanking him for his service.
They said in a statement: "The club would like to place on record our gratitude to Tevez for his contributions last season and wish him all the best in his future endeavours."
Meanwhile, Boca Juniors confirmed he had rejoined the club he played for between 2001 and 2004, as well as 2015-16, immediately prior to his time in China.
AFP3 Carlos Tevez is already back training with boyhood club Boca Juniors
The Argentine club revealed: "Carlos Tevez, who was already in Argentina... after ending his contract with the Asian club, joined the Boca squad on Friday."
The move from Boca was always on the cards, with club president Daniel Angelici previously saying: "When the player is free, we will talk to him."

LEAGUE OF NATIONS Klavan's strike means players from 97 countries have scored in the Prem

Meanwhile, vice-president Horacio Paolini claimed: “I’m constantly in touch with Carlos.
"We met last week for a meal. I’d say his return will be closed in a few days.”
10 things you didn't know about Carlos Tevez
MORE FOOTBALL FEATURESPEPE LE CHEW Pepe's dad was prison guard - but he nearly lost career over stolen chocolate ROD THE SOD QPR legend Marsh a 'flashy sod' who got himself in trouble as outspoken pundit DER PRINZ Franz Beckenbauer's grandson Luca ready to live up to famous surname PicturedMEDICAL KIT Old Spanish football shirts brilliantly turned into hospital gowns for ill kids Pie Addick Ex Charlton star Paul Konchesky now runs a successful pie and mash cafe in Essex thatch of the day Stars pay up to £30,000 on hair transplants to get ahead of their rivals Heart ach Achraf Hakimi dating 'world's most beautiful actress' 12 years older than him Top Pog Paul Pogba's stunning array of motors is worth £1.6m and includes £260k Ferrari 812 End of an era Roma legend De Rossi came close to winning Serie A but was sadly second best APPY DAYS Stars use WhatsApp for everything.. banter, team news, transfers and buying cars Lone Ranger Scotland icon Goram's career marred by addictions to drink, gambling and sex joao factor Benfica's £105m-rated prodigy Joao Felix is the heir to King Cristiano's throne 
AFP3 Carlos Tevez failed to inspire in China, scoring just four times in 20 games
It is understood Boca have offered him a two-year contract to bring Tevez back for his third stint at the club - having kicked-off his career there.
Following a spell in Europe with West Ham, Manchester United, Manchester City and Juventus, he returned "home".
He only left in 2016 for the riches of the Chinese Super League but failed to settle in Asia.

