Who is Leah Bracknell? Zoe Tate actress in Emmerdale fighting lung cancer who’s spoken about Christmas with her children
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/1929198/leah-bracknell-emmerdale-zoe-tate-lung-cancer-about/
20th December 2017, 8:07 am
EMMERDALE actress Leah Bracknell was hit with some devastating news as she was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer in October 2016.
The announcement led to a major fundraising effort from generous well-wishers as she sought treatment that could save her life. Here's all you need to know about her:
Alamy4 Leah Bracknell played Zoe Tate in Emmerdale for 16 years
Who is Leah Bracknell?
The 52-year-old actress has played Zoe Tate on the Emmerdale for 16 years and started trending on Twitter after fans learned of her condition.
Mum-of-two Leah was the first lesbian character on the British soap and won Best Exit at the British Soap Awards when she left the show in 2006.
Since then she has been teaching yoga and meditation after moving to Worthing, Sussex and is understood to be a non-smoker.
Ross Parry4 The mum-of-two was cast as the first lesbian to appear in a soap
What do we know about Leah Bracknell condition?
In October 2016, Leah released the statement: “My abdomen suddenly ballooned and within a matter of a few days I looked heavily pregnant. I could barely walk or breathe.
“Then, one Saturday night at the beginning of September I ended up in A & E
“I was subsequently given an emergency procedure to remove a large amount of fluid from around my heart.
“However, the bad news is that I have been diagnosed with lung cancer, stage 4. In their opinion, that means it’s terminal, not curable, not operable.
“A fairly brutal and bleak diagnosis but one I am determined to challenge and see from the perspective of ‘a glass half full’, going against a lifetime of pessimism, negativity and fear!”
PA:Press Association4 Leah was tragically diagnosed with terminal lung cancer
What has Leah Bracknell said about marijuana?
The brave actress hinted she may back the use of marijuana to help ease symptoms.
She wrote in a blog post: “If trying unconventional, alternative treatments calls you, please have a go. Go with your gut.
“Don’t even start me on the controversial illegal cancer cure method that thousands are turning to.

“And if you don’t know what it is, please don’t ask, I cannot say as it’s illegal in this country, though not in 23 states in America.”
Yorkshire Television4 Fans can donate to Leah's fund

What happened after Leah Bracknell's cancer announcement?
In December 2016, Leah revealed that she was planning to trial an experimental form of treatment based on her Chinese heritage, which she went to Germany for.
She says the treatment has given her "hope" and "time", though originally she refused to hear how long doctors had given her to live.
In July 2017 Leah wrote a touching poem about her condition and posted it to Facebook.
She wrote: "I got me a butterfly net to catch me all the love and beauty and wishes and dreams and black cat kinda luck.
"And fire in my belly, honey in my heart kind of memories that melt my sweet heart and take away the pain.
"I spy me a sky full of blessings coming my way. Net at the ready, I raise my head for a kiss. And here they come."
Ahead of Christmas 2017, Leah has said she refuses to see the holiday season as her last.
She told the Daily Mirror: “I could think, ‘We are going to have the biggest Christmas tree, people will be able to see it in Cornwall, and we’ll have reindeer on the roof’.
"But that would be like saying, this might be my last Christmas, get through it and I’ll have done that. I don’t think like that.”
RELATED STORIESTHE STAGE IS SET Spice Girls send fans wild with first look at 90s-style reunion tour stage BLACK MOURNING Alabama 3 singer Jake Black who wrote The Sopranos theme song dies SCREEN TIME As Game of Thrones ends, here's how long it takes to watch TV classic series DRESSED TO KILL Killing Eve's Jodie Comer spotted in killer outfit on set of her new movie DO YA THINK I'M SEX-SEA Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster grab some rock & stroll in Southend MEG'S BATTLE Megan Barton-Hanson had surgery to avoid 'pain' of looking in the mirror too close Corrie's Ruxandra Porojnicu reveals human trafficking story 'could have been her' LOYAL FANS Caroline Flack reveals Love Island spin-off show Aftersun will return BAN DETECTOR Ofcom could ban lie detectors from ALL reality TV after Jeremy Kyle tragedy BRIDE TRIBE Cara De La Hoyde continues Magaluf hen do celebrations in white mini dress 
How can you donate?
Leah and her partner Jez Hughes set up a fundraising page so she can be treated at a specialist German clinic, which leads the way in cutting-edge cancer treatments.
The devastating revelation led many to dip into their pockets and contribute to Leah's treatment.
She was left "humbled" by the outpouring of generosity and well-wishing – with the entire cast of Emmerdale helping with the fundraising efforts.
However, when the initial £50,000 target was reached within a few days, Leah revealed she would need more money to take more trips to Germany for care not available on the NHS.
Jez wrote: “We are looking to raise the money to visit the Hallwang clinic in Germany and help go towards the costs of Ali’s treatment, to give her the best possible chances of not only survival, but to thrive."
Watch classic Emmerdale clip of Home Farm explosion

