From its thriving capital Kuala Lumpur, idyllic islands, timeless heritage and rainforests, Malaysia has it all
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/travel/5076811/from-kuala-lumpur-to-idyllic-islands-theres-just-so-much-to-backpack/
6th December 2017, 2:08 am
WHEN it comes to dream holidays I like to fill my boots.
I want a buffet of beautiful beaches, buzzing cities, ancient history, rich culinary sensations and once in a lifetime excursions.
Getty - Contributor9 Malaysia's beaches are the ideal honeymoon spot
The only problem is actually finding somewhere that caters to my appetite for perfection.
And I may have finally found the perfect dish — Malaysia.
From its thriving capital Kuala Lumpur, idyllic islands, timeless heritage, rainforests, simply extraordinary cuisine and sugary sandy shores, it has all the ingredients to satisfy even the greediest traveller.
It doesn’t stop there. Malaysia is one of the most culturally diverse places in the world.
The only problem is actually finding enough time to fit it all in. With so much on offer and only ten days to see it, I decide a backpacking option is best.
9 Energetic travellers can get their kicks hiking Malaysia's mountains
It’s quick, convenient and in tropical climates there’s really nothing more than a good book and passport that I actually need.
I start in the north. Langkawi island.
It’s a honeymoon-cum-hippie hotspot that’s a magnet for couples and solo travellers.
And if palm trees, lazy days on the beach and pink sunsets are your thing, then it’s a place for you too. I saved a tidy sum with Norwegian Air’s low-cost long haul Gatwick to Singapore route at just £368 return, before catching one of the dozens of daily flights to Malaysia for as little as £20 one-way.
Getty - Contributor9 Kuala Lumpur is an international city recognised by UNESCO for its vibrance
And after more than 18 hours of travelling, Langkawi is a well-earned pit stop in paradise.
I book into the quirky Tubotel, where £18 gets me a double room in a giant concrete “tube” with a private balcony and patio doors that open right on to the sea.
The hotel oozes charm and attracts a laidback crowd who laze around on the daybeds enjoying a sunset to die for.
It’s also a short skip to Cenang Beach, the island’s biggest and most impressive beach. It’s the main tourist hub of the island, but boasts enough beach bars and budget-friendly restaurants to keep it from feeling overcrowded. For the adventurous, you can take the Langkawi Cable Car to enjoy panoramic views 650 metres above sea level.
Getty - Contributor9 Buddhist and Hindu temples of incredible beauty are littered across the country
Numerous rainforest walks can be completed in a few hours and Telaga Tujuh waterfalls is well worth a visit.
The following day, recharged and reenergised, I head to my next destination, George Town.
Regularly topping many travel guides’ “must visit” destination lists, George Town is an explosion of food, charm, food, sightseeing, food and history.
The city’s three main districts of Little India, Chinatown and the Colonial District overlap in a maze of sights, smells and sounds that is best explored on foot.
In 2008 it was declared a Unesco World Heritage Site for having “unique architectural and cultural townscape without parallel anywhere in East and Southeast Asia”. High praise.
It sparked a facelift but maintained its age-old feel.
Getty - Contributor9 Malaysia is home to stunning architecture, beautiful landscapes and often both at the same time
Some of the world’s best street art merges with Chinese clanhouses. Stunning Hindu temples are sandwiched between archetypal colonial hotels.
And running throughout every corner of George Town are outstanding street food stalls, hawkers, cafes and restaurants. Locals come here from all over Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand just to eat. Even if you thought you came here for another reason, your priorities might change dramatically once you tuck into the Indian, Chinese, Malay and various hybrid treats.
Try fiery laska curry, popiah spring rolls or lip-smacking char kway teow noodles and wash down with a thick mango lassi, then take a leisurely wander around the museums, galleries and boutique shops.
I could easily stay a week in George Town and never run out of things to do, but the clock’s ticking and my next destination awaits. For £4 I bag a seat on an air-conditioned coach heading east to the Cameron Highlands.
9 Watch out for the monkeys - they come right up to tourists at the temples where they hang out
The cool tea plantations are a welcome respite from the sweaty humidity of lowland Malaysia.
The Highlands’ two main towns are Tanah Rata and Brinchang, with strawberry farms, butterfly farms, honey bee farms, tea houses and market stalls dotted along the winding country road that separates them.
Buses run regularly between the two towns making it easy to hop on and hop off, while locals are also accustomed to hikers along the route too.
Guesthouses and B&Bs are plentiful in Tanah Rata and prices for a private double room start from around £10 per night. A good night’s sleep is imperative for the next part of my journey as I make a seven-hour journey to Taman Negara, the oldest rainforest on Earth.
Estimated to be more than 130million years old, this national park is the jewel of Malaysia tropical landscape.
9 The skyline is iconic - in particular the twin Petronas towers
The shadowy, near-impregnable jungle is home to tigers, elephants and leopards as well all sorts of snakes, insects and birds.
From Cameron Highlands I paid £12 for another perfectly comfortable coach ride to small town Jerantut — the gateway to the jungle.
From here it’s a two-hour riverboat ride up the winding river to Kuala Tahan, where floating restaurants, backpacker lodges and the wilderness combines.
Trekking is what brings folk here and I can’t wait to explore, while you can also book tours to meet the native Orang Asli tribe, night safari or jungle walk.
Numerous travel operators within Kuala Tahan offer one or multi-day hikes, while those brave enough can head off on one of the many well-trodden trails.
I take the latter option and choose a nine-hour trek through tiger homeland.
Getty - Contributor9 Kuala Lumpur's streets are famed for their cultural diversity, bustle and street art
To my great relief I don’t bump into any big cats, however the views from peaks at Bukit Terisek and Bukit Luas are worth the grind while there’s plenty of smaller wildlife along the route to enjoy.
The next day I swapped the wild jungle for the concrete one in Kuala Lumpur.
The once quiet colonial base has evolved into a 21st century metropolis famed for its remarkable cultural diversity.
From the soaring Petronas Towers to the 272-step psychedelic Batu Caves, the sweeping skyline views from Lake Titiwangsa to its shop ’til you drop malls the city has it all.
And during two days in Kuala Lumpur, I found myself eating at their famous Jalan Alor street markets four times.
You can sample pretty much every Malay-Chinese, Indian, Thai or seafood dish imaginable.
Getty - Contributor9 The streets turn into a heaving buffet of local food after dark with every Malay-Chinese, Indian or Thai dish imaginable
MOST READ IN TRAVELTHOMAS SHOOK What are my rights if Thomas Cook goes bust after I've booked my holiday? THEY'RE BACK! Everything you need to know about Hols from £15 and how to book yours now HOLIDAY HELL Brit holidaymakers flood Thomas Cook with booking fears after £1.5bn loss GROUNDED Airlines including easyJet & BA cancel hundreds of flights due to strike in Italy SLY STAY Hidden charges like resort fees that could double the price of your hotel room ExclusiveFLY SPRAY BA passenger 'left with food poisoning after being served MOULDY salad on flight' 
And the street transforms at sundown with hundreds of plastic tables and chairs spilling into the road, chefs shouting at passers-by to drum up business and simply delicious dish after dish on offer.
I start with breakfast at Restoran Beh Brothers, return for Sichuan dishes from Kedai Makanan Dan Minuman at lunch and head around the corner to Ngau Kee for beef ball noodles for dinner.
The staple from this non- descript food cart comes in two parts; dry, steamed noodles topped with a thick soy-sauce mince and then chunky beef balls in a clear broth — delicious.
Having spent the past ten days on the move, I have no shame about scoffing myself into an unmovable stupor.
For now I’m staying put with a happy grin on myself knowing that I’ve finally found the perfect holiday destination to satisfy my greedy self once and for all.
GO: MalaysiaGETTING THERE: Norwegian fly to Singapore with fares from £368 return. Budget airlines Air Asia, Scoot, Jetstar, Malindo Air or Malaysia Airlines fly to Langkawi, Penang, Kuala Lumpur and others daily from Singapore Changi Intl. One-way fares from £20. See skyscanner.net for more info.
STAYING THERE: Rooms at Tubotel from £20 a night. See Tubotel.com
MORE INFO: See malaysia.travel


