Cristiano Ronaldo’s partner Georgina Rodriguez looks stunning with slim post-baby body less than month after giving birth
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/5045079/cristiano-ronaldo-georgina-rodriguez-post-baby-body/
1st December 2017, 4:30 pm
GEORGINA RODRIGUEZ has wasted no time in getting back into shape as she showed off her stunning post-baby body earlier today.
The 22-year-old model gave birth to her first child, and Cristiano Ronaldo's fourth, on November 12.
The Mega Agency6 Georgina Rodriguez has wasted no time getting back into shape after giving birth just three weeks ago
The Mega Agency6 The model stepped out into the streets of Madrid today to show off her washboard stomach
But less than three weeks after the arrival of Alana Martina she proudly showed off her washboard stomach as she strutted around Madrid in her gym gear.
Sporting a pair of tight khaki leggings, she showed off her shapely pins as she teamed her leg-wear with a matching crop top.
And she would not be one of the most-popular wags on the planet without some designer clobber, and she did not let her fans down as she clutched her Louis Vuitton bag.
Rodriguez, who used to work as a D&G sales assistant, appeared to be on cloud nine and loving the early stages of motherhood.
The Mega Agency6 Rodriguez still managed to turn heads as she strutted her stuff in her gym gear
The Mega Agency6 Georgina Rodriguez gave birth to Alana Martina on November 12
She was all-smiles as she stopped for several chats as she made her way through the Spanish capital.
Ronaldo, who became a father to twins Eva and Mateo in June and is also dad to Cristiano Junior, confirmed he and Georgina were expecting back in July.

G-WHIZZ England land dream World Cup 2018 group draw

And then on November 13 he confirmed the good news of her birth on Instagram, writing: “Alana Martina is just born! Both Geo and Alana are doing great! We are all very happy!”
The pair have been dating for just over a year, but Ronaldo is already completely smitten as he revealed recently his hopes to have another three children.
MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
He admitted that his eldest son wants to have six siblings, which would be the perfect match for his CR7 fashion brand.
He made the admission during a Chinese TV interview when he said: “Cristiano is very happy. He's doing well.
“He wants more brothers and sisters. He wants seven, the magic number, and I think that’s good.”
Instagram6 Ronaldo confirmed the new arrival last month when he posted this on Instagram along with the caption: 'Alana Martina is just born! Both Geo and Alana are doing great! We are all very happy!'
AFP6 Cristiano Ronaldo posing with partner Georgina Rodriguez and his son Cristiano Ronaldo Jr following The Best FIFA Football Awards 2016 ceremony
Georgina has been a regular presence at his side since the family welcomed twins into their life.
A close friend reportedly told a Portuguese newspaper at the time: “They are very happy with the arrival of the baby.
“Everyone adores Georgina and are satisfied with this relationship.”
Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez announce their fourth child will be named Alana Martina
 

