Bella Hadid looks gorgeous as she poses backstage at Victoria’s Secret China show
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4952389/bella-hadid-looks-gorgeous-as-she-poses-backstage-at-victorias-secret-china-show/
20th November 2017, 8:34 am
BELLA Hadid looked ready and raring to go as she got glammed up ahead of the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show today.
The 21-year-old model was seen getting her hair and make-up done backstage alongside her fellow angels before taking to the catwalk at the Mercedes Benz Arena in Shanghai, China.
Getty - Contributor16 Bella Hadid looked incredible as she posed backstage at Victoria's Secret show
Instagram16 Bella revealed her model figure before doing what she does best on the catwalk
Rex Features16 Bella wore a gown and underwear as she got glammed up
Wearing a pink floral robe, the stunning star flashed her bra as the teams got to work transforming her for the biggest runway event of the year.
Bella graced the runway for the lingerie giant for the first time last year and was delighted to be asked back this year.
She gushed at the time: “@victoriassecret I am so excited!..!!!!Thank you @monica.mitro @10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer and of course the wonderful, incredible @ed_razek + everyone on the team for making this dream come true again.. I feel so crazy humbled to get the opportunity to be a part of this show again... (sic).
“Walking into the offices this year i felt so happy, healthy, and honored.. I can't wait for another incredible experience!!! Congrats to all of the beautiful ladies I will be walking beside. I can't wait! Xx (sic).”
Getty - Contributor16 Bella looked very excited as she got ready for the show
Getty Images - Getty16 Bella puckered up as she got catwalk ready
Her sister Gigi has however pulled out of the show, after being accused of being “racist” towards China in an online video.
The model angered the country back in September after footage surfaced of her appearing to mock a Buddha she was holding.
Hundreds of furious Chinese people told the 22-year-old she "wasn't welcome" in the city when the lingerie brand hosted its annual show there – forcing her to pull out.
Bella will however be joined by Candice Swanepoel,  Karlie Kloss, Elsa Hosk and Adriana Lima, to name a few.
Getty - Contributor16 This is Bella's second year walking for the catwalk
AP:Associated Press16 She will be joining a whole host of famous names for the show
Former One Direction star Harry Styles will perform at the event.
Ed Razek, executive producer of the Victoria’s Secret fashion show and chief creative officer at Victoria’s Secret, said in a statement to US magazine People: “We started booking our musical guests months ago when Harry Styles, international superstar, signed on.
Reuters16 The stars took a selfie before hitting the red carpet
Getty Images - Getty16 Model Romee Strijd looked at her phone as she got her hair done
AP:Associated Press16 Brazilian model Bruna Lirio enjoys a banana backstage
Getty - Contributor16 Lily Aldridge, Stella Maxwell, Romee Strijd, Martha Hunt, Elsa Hosk, Olivier Olivier Rousteing, Sara Sampaio, Josephine Skriver, Alessandra Ambrosio, Adriana Lima, Karlie Kloss and Jasmine Tookes
Getty - Contributor16 Lais Ribiero poses with the Fantasy Bra
“Also appearing are Grammy award-winning artist Miguel, Tony award-winning star of Hamilton Leslie Odom Jr., and Chinese sensation Jane Zhang. We are incredibly thrilled to have them with us.”
The show takes place today, Monday November 20 and UK viewers can stream the show using the HayU app from November 29.
Getty Images - Getty16 Megan Williams poses before her big moment on the catwalk
Getty Images - Getty16 Lais Ribiero, Alessandra Ambrosio and Adriana Lima had a giggle backstage
Getty Images - Getty16 Jasmine Tookes looked calm after hair and make-up
Getty - Contributor16 Nadine Leopold blew a kiss after getting her glam on
Bella Hadid shows off her abs in the build up to Victoria's Secret Fashion Show
Most Read in Showbiz & TV ExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


