West Brom 0 Chelsea 4: Blues batter Baggies as Alvaro Morata and Eden Hazard run amok in hammering at the Hawthorns
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4942917/west-brom-0-chelsea-4-morata-hazard-alonso/
18th November 2017, 4:50 pm
EDEN HAZARD took a kick on the leg and then well and truly put the boot into West Brom.
Chelsea’s little dynamo scored a goal and set up another as the Premier League champions ran riot on the ground where they clinched the title last season.
Reuters8 Alvaro Morata gives Chelsea an early lead against West Brom
And in doing so they nudged under-pressure Albion boss Tony Pulis closer to the sack after his team crumbled right in front of the club’s watching Chinese owners.
Capitulation, boos from the home fans and seeing them streaming for the exits even before half time made the afternoon even more painful.
And all after a relatively bright start in which Salomon Rondon had the ball in the net after only four minutes only for it to be ruled fractionally offside.
It was soon after that Hazard felt the pain of Gareth Barry’s studs down the side of his leg, just above the ankle. And it turned the match.
Reuters8 Chelsea celebrate Alvaro Morata's goal to give them the lead
Hazard got angry but channeled his frustration into a spellbinding virtuoso half hour performance in which Chelsea went out and won the game.
On 17 minutes the little Belgian ran into the Albion box, turning Ahmed Hegazi neatly. Hazard’s powerful shot was stopped but not held by keeper Ben Foster.

ARSENAL 2 TOTTENHAM 0 Sanchez and Mustafi on target as Gunners hit form to dominate derby

Alvaro Morata reacted quickest and rammed the rebound into an empty net to give Chelsea the lead.
Six minutes later Morata returned the favour, flicking a tidy pass through the centre circle into Hazard’s path with a deft move of his right ankle.
PA:Press Association8 Eden Hazard quickly doubled Chelsea's lead at the Hawthorns
Hazard was set free to race clear, beat Foster to the ball and then bury his shot again into an unguarded net for two-nil.
It was all over seven minutes before half time when Morata won a free kick on the edge of the box.
Fabregas lifted the cross over everybody except left wing back Marcos Alonso, out of position on the right but still totally unmarked at the far post to volley in the softest of goals.
Chelsea fans taunted Pulis with chants about getting the sack - and Baggies fans joined in.
Hazard scored his second and Chelsea’s fourth in the 62nd minute when more ragged defending allowed him time to pick his spot and shoot from 18 yards.
AFP8 Eden Hazard celebrates after his goal gives Chelsea a 2-0 lead
INTERACTIVE STATS - CLICK on the categories to find out how the teams fared
Match Stats
STATS, FACTS, GOALS & LOLS

Ahead of kick-off, West Brom had lost 16 of their 22 Premier League games against Chelsea, their joint-highest total (Arsenal and Manchester City).
Chelsea had won on their two most-recent visits to The Hawthorns, even securing the 2016-17 Premier League title thanks to a Michy Batshuayi goal in May.
The game was Antonio Conte's 50th Premier League match.

Reuters8 Marcos Alonso squeezes in Chelsea's third before half-time at West Brom

Ahead of the game, Morata had been directly involved in ten goals in ten league games for Chelsea... before scoring and adding an assist in the West Brom game.
Eden Hazard has scored five Premier League goals against West Brom - his joint-most against any team (level with Bournemouth).

INTERACTIVE LINE-UPS - CLICK on a player's number below to see their stats
MatchDay Live
AFP8 Marcos Alonso wheels away after he sealed the game at 3-0
WHAT THEY SAID
Chelsea star Eden Hazard: "Manchester City are winning a lot of games but we want to close the gap. You never know in the Premier League.
"Last year we won 12 or 13 games in a row so why not again? We have to be ready for that."
Reuters8 Chelsea ran riot at the Hawthorns against a demoralised West Brom
MORE FOOTBALL FEATURESPEPE LE CHEW Pepe's dad was prison guard - but he nearly lost career over stolen chocolate ROD THE SOD QPR legend Marsh a 'flashy sod' who got himself in trouble as outspoken pundit DER PRINZ Franz Beckenbauer's grandson Luca ready to live up to famous surname PicturedMEDICAL KIT Old Spanish football shirts brilliantly turned into hospital gowns for ill kids Pie Addick Ex Charlton star Paul Konchesky now runs a successful pie and mash cafe in Essex thatch of the day Stars pay up to £30,000 on hair transplants to get ahead of their rivals Heart ach Achraf Hakimi dating 'world's most beautiful actress' 12 years older than him Top Pog Paul Pogba's stunning array of motors is worth £1.6m and includes £260k Ferrari 812 End of an era Roma legend De Rossi came close to winning Serie A but was sadly second best APPY DAYS Stars use WhatsApp for everything.. banter, team news, transfers and buying cars Lone Ranger Scotland icon Goram's career marred by addictions to drink, gambling and sex joao factor Benfica's £105m-rated prodigy Joao Felix is the heir to King Cristiano's throne 
SOCIAL SAYS
Antonio Conte takes charge of his 50th Premier League game this afternoon! #WBACHE pic.twitter.com/DtToixxdAE— Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) November 18, 2017


Morata is now the Premier League's joint top scorer, he has four assists in the league too. #WBACHE #CFC— Nizaar Kinsella (@NizaarKinsella) November 18, 2017


Morata is everything that Chelsea hoped Torres would be #CFC #WBACHE— Raging Bull (@outRaging_Bull) November 18, 2017


Morata Goal 1-0Morata Assist 2-0Fabregas Assist, Alonso Goal 3-0 Spaniards are running Chelsea football club 🇪🇸#WBACHE— Humour Thoughts (@HumourThoughts) November 18, 2017


5 - Eden Hazard has scored five @premierleague goals against West Brom - against no side has he scored more (level with Bournemouth). Thorn.— OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) November 18, 2017


Reuters8 Eden Hazard netted Chelsea's fourth in the Hawthorns hammering
DREAM TEAM RATINGS
WEST BROM: Foster 5, McAuley 6, Hegazi 6, Evans 6, Gibbs 6, Phillips 5 (McClean 84, 6), Krychowiak 6 (Yacob 46, 6), Barry 6, Livermore 6, Rondon 6, Rodriguez 6 (Burke 70, 6).
Subs not used: Myhill, Nyom, Brunt, Robson-Kanu.
CHELSEA: Courtois 7, Azpilicueta 6, Christensen 7, Cahill 7, Zappacosta 7, Alonso 8, Kante 7, Fabregas 7 (Drinkwater 67, 6), Bakayoko 7, Hazard 9 (Pedro 71, 6), Morata 8.
Subs not used: Caballero, Rudiger, Luiz, Willian, Ampadu.
STAR MAN: EDEN HAZARD (Chelsea).
MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 

