Gianluigi Buffon, Arjen Robben and Alexis Sanchez will miss World Cup — but could this 23-man squad of absentees triumph in Russia?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4918156/gianluigi-buffon-arjen-robben-and-alexis-sanchez-will-miss-world-cup-but-could-this-23-man-squad-of-absentees-triumph-in-russia/
15th November 2017, 12:06 pm
THERE will be some serious talent missing from the 2018 World Cup.
Italy are the most high-profile casualties, while Holland and Chile are among other high-profile casualties.
Getty Images25 Italy players are devastated at realising they won't be playing at 2018 World Cup
Getty Images25 A dismal collapse in their final games saw Chile miss out on 2018 World Cup
Meanwhile, the USA, Ivory Coast and Ghana would also have expected to qualify.
The first-ever tournament in Russia will be quite open — with several candidates fancying their chances of victory.
Brazil waltzed through the difficult South American qualification campaign, while Spain and France are bursting with talent and reigning champions Germany are...well, Germany.
But how would this 23-man squad of players whose countries did not make it fare?
Goalkeepers
Gianluigi Buffon — Italy
Getty Images25 Gianluigi Buffon is clearly distraught to miss out on World Cup qualification
He could have potential enjoyed the ultimate send-off with a second World Cup medal.
Instead, Buffon will be watching from home after Italy were knocked out by Sweden.

GUARD DOWN How Italy’s future will be decided in the immediate aftermath of humiliating World Cup exit

Jan Oblak, Samir Handanovic — Slovenia
Reuters25 Jan Oblak is one of the best goalkeepers on the planet and Slovenia No 1
The Sun Glasgow25 Unlucky Samir Handanvoic can't get into Slovenia team despite his quality
It's incredible that the Europeans only have two world class players — and both play in goal.
The Atletico Madrid and Inter Milan stoppers will not be in Russia, however, after finishing below Scotland in their qualifying group.
most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
Defenders
Leonardo Bonucci, Giorgio Chiellini — Italy
Getty Images25 Leonardo Bonucci and Giorgio Chiellini will not be at 2018 World Ciup
Particularly painful fore this world class duo who were not part of the 2006 success.
For Chiellini, this was his last chance, but Bonucci — if he can rediscover his best form — will only be 34 when Qatar comes around, so still has a chance.
Virgil van Dijk, Stefan De Vrij — Holland
Getty25 Virgil van Dijk will have all summer to assess his future as Holland miss out
Reuters25 Stefan De Vrij is dejected after realised his World Cup dream was over
Both linked with big-money moves in the summer, with Southampton and Lazio respectively staying firm.
And it's expected both could earn mega moves at the end of the season, though they won't be showcasing their talents on the biggest stage of all.

Eric Bailly — Ivory Coast
Getty25 Eric Bailly and Ivory Coast as surprise absentees at Russia 2018 World Cup
Arguably the biggest shock of all as the African heavyweights were knocked out by surprise package Morocco.
But Manchester United fans will be delighted to have Bailly fresh for next season.
David Alaba — Austria
PA:Press Association25 David Alaba will not be in Russia as Austria once again flattered to deceive
Many people's surprise package at Euro 2016 were utterly dreadful, picking up just one point.
And it got worse for Alaba and Co. as they finished fourth below Wales in their qualifying group.
Midfielders
Marco Verratti, Lorenzo Insigne — Italy
Getty Images25 Marco Verratti was suspended for Italy's crunch clash against Sweden
Has been superb for his club this season, with Paris Saint-Germain flying in Ligue 1.
But perhaps his inability to replicate that for his country is a telling reason why Italy didn't make it to Russia.
Arjen Robben — Holland
AFP25 Arjen Robben retired from international football after missing out on World Cup
Like Buffon, he retired from international football after his country failed to qualify for the World Cup.
Robben will never get the chance to make up for that famous miss in the 2010 final defeat.
Arturo Vidal — Chile
EPA25 Arturo Vidal takes a moment to accept that Chile will not be at World Cup
Bayern Munich ace Vidal was surely planning for a World Cup swansong.
As back-to-back South American champions, Chile appeared certainties to make it to Russia, and missing out is a massive blow.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan — Armenia
Getty25 Armenia captain Henrikh Mkhitaryan had no hope of making it to Russia
Had no hope of making to Russia, with a country that has never qualified for a major tournament.
Armenia picked up a shock 3-2 win over Montenegro, and Mkhitaryan contributed two goals throughout.
Naby Keita — Guinea
AFP or licensors25 New Liverpool signing Naby Keita will have a full summer of pre-season
Another who was never going to make it, as Guinea picked up just one point.
Keita is joining Liverpool in the summer and will enjoy a complete pre-season.
Franck Kessie — Ivory Coast
AFP25 Franck Kessie will surely have more opportunities to play in a World Cup
A player with huge potential, who joined AC Milan in the summer, he will be bitterly disappointed to miss out on Russia.
But, at just 20, Kessie will likely get more chances in the future.
Miralem Pjanic — Bosnia and Herzegovina
Getty Images25 Miralem Pjanic will not be able to showcase his array of passing in Russia
The Juventus playmaker will have been devastated to miss out.
Bosnia finished third below Greece, who they actually finished above of in qualification for Brazil 2014.
Marek Hamsik — Slovakia
Reuters25 Marek Hamsik and Slovakia missed out by being worst second-place side
The Napoli hero was agonisingly close as Slovakia missed out courtesy of being the lowest-ranked second place finisher in Europe.
Republic of Ireland pipped them to the post, and Hamsik and Co. would have fancied their chances against Denmark.
Christian Pulisic — USA
EPA25 Christian Pulisic is in complete shock as USA suffer shock failure to qualify
One of the brightest prospects in world football.
Borussia Dortmund will be quietly please Pulisic will not show his talents to the world in Russia.
Forwards
Gareth Bale — Wales
PA:Press Association25 Gareth Bale is among the biggest player on the planet not at World Cup
Helped the Dragons in their incredible journey to the semi-finals of Euro 2016, but the dream ended there.
Bale's injuries were a contributing factor as Wales finished third in their group.
Edin Dzeko — Bosnia
Getty25 Edin Dzeko is banging in goals for Roma, but will not be at the World Cup
Red-hot Roma man will be disappointed to miss out on the opportunity to put right the wrongs of 2014.
Dzeko managed just one goal in Brazil as Bosnia fell at the first hurdle.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang — Gabon
AFP - Getty25 Gabon impressed in qualifying by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Co. missed out
Another elite player who would not have expected to make it to Russia.
The minnows' task was made even harder when they were placed in a group with Morocco and Ivory Coast.
Alexis Sanchez — Chile
Getty25 Arguably the best player in world football not to be playing at World Cup
Arguably the best player to miss out on Russia.
Sanchez was heavily criticised for netting just once in the final six matches as Chile fell away.
Ciro Immobile — Italy
Getty Images25 Top goal scorer in top fives leagues in Europe Ciro Immobile could not do it for Italy
Is the top scorer in Europe's top five leagues with 14 goals so far.
But Immobile struggled to lead the line when trusted by Gian Piero Ventura.
Manager
Marcello Lippi — China
AFP25 World Cup-winner Marcello Lippi has been paid to lead Chinese revolution
A World Cup-winner with Italy, he is now entrusted with starting the Chinese football revolution.
Lippi has won five major trophies at club level in the Far East, but finished below the likes of Uzbekistan in qualifying.
Daniele De Rossi has a spat on the touchline with Italian coach as Italy fail to make World Cup 2018 after Sweden loss

