Chinese man builds his house with more than 30,000 corn-on-the-cobs
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4913665/chinese-man-builds-his-house-with-more-than-30000-corn-on-the-cobs/
14th November 2017, 5:08 pm
A CHINESE man has showed off the fruits of his labour after building a house with more than 30,000 corn-on-the-cobs.
Liu Hongcai constructed the incredible farmhouse near the city of Shulan in the country’s north-eastern Jilin Province.
Rex Features8 A Chinese man built this farmhouse out of corn-on-the-cobs
He enlisted the help of 14 villagers and to help him put together his corny dream house, according to SCMP.
But he forked out more than £1,000 of his own money to pay for the 30,000 corn-on-the-cobs needed for the project.
The house – complete with a well, a water wheel and a garden fence – took a fortnight to put together and was finished on November 8.
The unfurnished building is based on a typical local house from the region.
Rex Features8 Some 30,000 corn-on-the-cobs were used in the construction of the house
Rex Features8 The house was made by attaching corn cobs to frames made of metal and wood
Rex Features8 This is one of the barns that Liu built to go with the farmhouse
Liu reportedly hopes it will attract tourists to the area.
The farmhouse is 40ft long and 13ft wide and was made by attaching corn cobs to frames made of metal and wood.
But with all that corn about, Liu had to worry about rats and mice eating the house before any tourists have had the chance to see it.
To remedy the problem, the farmer enlisted the help of local cats.
Rex Features8 The farmhouse was based on a typical design for homes from the region
Rex Features8 Liu built a well inside the fence surrounding the farmhouse
Rex Features8 The farm near the city of Shulan even came with a water wheel
Rex Features8 Liu hopes the house will attract tourists to the area
He allowed a small feline army to take shelter from the harsh northern Chinese winter inside the structure, the village’s deputy construction director Yan Xue told SCMP.
He is quoted as saying: “We have specifically brought in many stray cats from the city.
“This will give them a home. I think it’s a brilliant idea.”
Most read in newsDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.’

 

