Strictly Come Dancing’s Alexandra Burke talks Twitter trolls, learning to grieve after her mum’s death and never giving up
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/4873912/strictly-come-dancing-alexandra-burke-gorka-marquez-rumours/
12th November 2017, 5:21 pm
Romance, battling critics and life after losing her mum. Alexandra Burke opens up as she returns to the spotlight.
Alexandra Burke arrives at her Fabulous photo shoot with the sort of boundless energy more commonly associated with a Labrador pup.
19 Alexandra Burke opens up as she returns to the spotlight on Strictly Come Dancing
Coat off and bag down, she’s immediately on her iPhone ordering a batch of Dum Dum doughnuts for the team (“because life’s too short not to have a bit of what you like”). Then she brews a cup of tea, which she sips as we discuss the root of her afternoon giddiness – yesterday was date night with her boyfriend Josh Ginnelly, as the couple celebrated two and a half years together.
“We had a Chinese and then went to the cinema and I had a glass of wine,” says Alexandra. She starts laughing. “We watched Thor: Ragnarok and there’s a bit where Chris Hemsworth’s top’s off and Josh said to me: ‘Close your mouth.’ It was a fun night! We needed it.”
As one of this year’s Strictly Come Dancing front runners, Alexandra, 29, is devoting every waking hour to the BBC show, packing in four 10-hour training sessions a week with her professional dance partner Gorka Marquez before a “killer” all-day rehearsal ahead of Saturday’s live show.
Inevitably, Alexandra’s work commitments leave little time for anything else, including stage manager Josh, 30.
19 Alexandra says she is devoting every minute to Strictly which includes four 10-hour training sessions a week
19 Alexandra admits she feels guilty about being so busy all the time but says Strictly is 'a dream come true'
“On Saturday morning I texted Josh from the Strictly make-up seat, saying: ‘If I get through to next week, this is the schedule they’ve sent me,’ and he replied: ‘Oh, literally no time for us,’” says Alexandra, adding that she often feels “guilty” about being so busy.
“As much as Josh and my family get what I’m doing, being on Strictly means that I never get to really see them and I miss them. That’s why last night was so important for Josh and me to have a couple of hours to ourselves.”
In truth, Alexandra wouldn’t have it any other way. Strictly is, in her words, a “dream come true”. Along with former JLS singer Aston Merrygold, she is the first celebrity to be recruited from The X Factor, which she won in 2008.
Yet the day the Strictly launch was filmed on August 28, she came close to quitting after her mother, former Soul II Soul singer Melissa Bell, died aged 53 following a nine-year battle with kidney failure.
19 Alexandra is the first celebrity to be recruited from The X Factor along with Aston Merrygold
19 Alexandra's partner on Strictly is Gorka Marquez
“I remember sitting outside the hospital and texting my manager to say: ‘I don’t know if I should do this.’ I spoke to the producers and said: ‘I’m not sure I should be here,’” recalls Alexandra, who says she was eventually persuaded to continue by her aunt Sonia.
Of course, anyone who has experienced the death of a loved one knows there’s no right or wrong way to get through your grief. But that didn’t stop the trolls from attacking Alexandra for appearing on Strictly following Melissa’s death.
“People have asked: ‘How can she do this?’ and said I’m obviously not upset about my mum because I’ve gone straight on TV. That’s really upsetting to read. They have no idea how much this show meant to my mum and how much it meant to me to be asked to be part of it.
"Thank you for your concern but you know nothing about me, what my mum went through or what my family are currently going through.”
Alexandra Burke and Gorka Marquez dance the Cha Cha Cha on Strictly Come Dancing 
Alexandra’s eyes glaze as she holds back her tears.
“My heart is breaking, I’ve lost my mum, and believe me, if I could put everything in a box and throw it in the ocean and never feel this way again, I would. But, right now, I’m dealing with it the best way I can. I’m not taking it day by day, I’m taking it second by second.”
Alexandra visits her mum’s grave every Sunday and says her Strictly family are a massive support, particularly This Morning presenter Ruth Langsford, who has a “maternal” presence.
19 Alexandra lost her mum to a nine-year battle with kidney failure on August 28
2017 GC Images19 Alexandra Burke met her boyfriend Josh Ginnelly on the set of The Bodyguard
In turn, Alexandra’s participation is providing her family, especially her siblings Sheneice, 31, David, 30, and Aaron, 24, with a much-needed focus.
When she was a child, Alexandra was inspired to become a singer after seeing her mother on Top of The Pops.
By the age of nine, thanks to her mum’s expert vocal training, she was performing in pubs and clubs and at bar mitzvahs, weddings and funerals.
Melissa was a strict teacher, raising her four children single-handedly after her marriage to Alexandra’s dad David fell apart when Alexandra was six years old. On one occasion, Alexandra had to learn an entire Whitney Houston album before being allowed to play outside the family home in Holloway, north London – a task she ultimately failed.
Getty - Contributor19 Alexandra during the curtain call of The Bodyguard at the Adelphi Theatre
BBC19 The 2008 X Factor winner says she almost quit the show when she found out her mum died the day they filmed the Strictly launch
Though she credits her mum’s discipline for her career success, by the time Alexandra was 16 and gigging as a solo artist, their relationship had collapsed completely.
“It was a massive fireball that went off,” says Alexandra, who left home and didn’t speak to her family for two years. “While I was growing up, my mum and I became so similar that we clashed.
I wanted my independence, but she said I had grown up too quickly. Any relationship like mine and my mum’s was going to be strained.”
Alexandra returned home at 18 after splitting up with a “bad influence” boyfriend. Not long after, Melissa was diagnosed with stage five kidney failure brought on by diabetes, which “absolutely” put things into perspective.
BBC Pictures' Digital Picture19 Trolls have criticised Alexandra for still doing the show even though her mum had just died
BBC19 Alexandra visits her mum's grave every Sunday and says Ruth Langsford has been very supportive
“And then we became the best of friends,” she says.
A grafter in her personal life and her career, Alexandra clearly loves to work, but after huge post-X-Factor success – her first two singles, Hallelujah and Bad Boys, and her debut album Overcome were all No.1s – she experienced some setbacks.
Second album Heartbreak on Hold only reached number 18, and in June 2013 her record label RCA terminated her deal. That prompted Alexandra to venture into theatre, first with The Bodyguard and later Sister Act.
Has she ever doubted her future in music, especially when RCA left her high and dry?
Alexandra Burke bursts into tears for her late mum after receiving the first 10s of the series on Strictly Come Dancing
“No. Never. It just wasn’t right for me to be at a certain label at that time. I won’t quit anything I love to do. I’ll just find another route,” she explains, before admitting it hasn’t always been plain sailing.
“It has been hard not doing what I love in the sense of recording, because that’s my main priority. I loved theatre, but I want to do more albums, perform on the Brits, do Radio 1 Live Lounge, perform at festivals.”
Alexandra has pushed herself to focus on the positives after spending too long at the start of her career obsessing over criticism of her character, appearance and the fact she was regularly emotional on The X Factor.
While working in New York in 2014, she completed a life-coaching course, which affected her so deeply she had the words “love and loyalty” tattooed on her chest and “honour, love and trust” inked inside three fingers on her left hand. She says she lives by these values daily.
BBC Pictures' Digital Picture19 Alexandra admits that her and her mum clashed when she was a teenager
Getty - Contributor19 Alexandra ventured in theatre after her label RCA dropped her
“The most important thing I learned was positivity can always overrule negativity and that vulnerability isn’t a weakness but a strength,” she says. “I showed I was vulnerable on The X Factor because I cried a fair bit, and then I stopped. I went quite cold, but doing the life coaching meant I opened my heart again.”
She certainly wears her heart on her sleeve today, especially when talking about the “love of her life” Josh, who she met on the set of The Bodyguard and lives with in Hertfordshire with their four dogs (her “babies”).
“He’s amazing, and one day, when the time is right, hopefully those things will fall into place – marriage and kids. I yearn to have a family, I yearn for us to have a family,” she smiles.
Alexandra has dated famous men in the past, including Entourage star Jeremy Piven, who she alludes to when she describes the difficulty of long-distance dating. How is Josh different from her exes?
PA19 Alexandra addresses rumours ranging from being 'furious' with her partner to being a 'home wrecker'
19 Alexandra says she is not mad at her partner Gorka and has nothing against Gemma, who he is supposedly dating
“Josh cares and he’s a family guy,” she says. “When you meet a man who respects his parents, in particular his mother, it means he’s a good man.”
During her three and a half years in theatre, Alexandra flew below the radar. But Strictly has changed all that, and since this series started, the rumours have been swirling.
According to one story, Alexandra is “furious” with Gorka over his reported romance with her rival celeb Gemma Atkinson and worried the distraction will ruin her chances of winning.
“I’ve seen the reports saying that I’m at war with Gorka, and it’s news to me,” says Alex. “We are as committed as each other to making it as far as possible in the competition, and of course we have days where we might be stressed or over-tired, but that’s to be expected when you’re training 10 hours a day! Gorka has become a dear friend who I respect and value highly."
19 Alexandra insists that her partner Gorka has become a dear friend
19 Another rumour Alexandra addresses is that she is a 'home wrecker' for dating a married man
In another article, Alexandra was labelled a “home wrecker” for entering a relationship with a married dad nearly a decade ago.
“We split up nine years ago and the reality of that situation is not what was portrayed,” Alexandra clarifies. “He was separated so he shouldn’t have to be made to look like that, but unfortunately it’s the way it works.”
But what of her friendship with judge Craig Revel Horwood? It’s true that he directed and choreographed Sister Act, sparking complaints from viewers that Alexandra has an advantage over the other contestants.
“There was no Latin or ballroom in Sister Act,” she explains. “It was wacky, very ‘Craig’, fabulous choreography but nothing technical. Craig has no influence over who gets picked for the show.”
BBC Handout19 After Strictly, Alexandra hopes to keep dancing and continuing lessons
Now Alexandra wants to stick it up to those who believe she is professionally trained.
“I’m going to work so hard it looks like I could be,” she says. “But I’ve never danced this kind of dance in my life. I don’t need to prove anything to anyone but myself.”
Having shed 2st and three dress sizes in two years, dropping from a size 14 to an 8 through healthy eating and five-times-weekly workouts, Alexandra says Strictly has honed her body even more.
“My waist is smaller and my legs and arms are leaner. But I’ve noticed that I’ve lost my bum, which is bad because I like a little bit of a bigger bum!”
BBC19 Alexandra teases about a new album after picking 12 tracks that she recently recorded in a studio
After Strictly, Alexandra plans to continue dance lessons with pals Daisy Lowe and Louise Redknapp, who both starred in the 2016 series (“I want to join in, if they’ll have me!”) – but don’t mistake her for being more Team Strictly than Team X Factor. “No, no, no! It’s a 50-50 balance,” she laughs.
Alexandra “hardly sees” Simon Cowell, and in a 2013 interview she declared her friendship with former mentor Cheryl had “fizzled out”, but the ex-Girls Aloud star did reach out to her after Melissa’s death.
“Cheryl sent her love through her management,” says Alexandra. “That was really nice of her.
After our interview, before Alexandra heads to hair and make-up, she connects a pair of headphones to her manager’s laptop to listen to songs she recorded recently in her studio at home.
Feeling sociable?Most famous follower on Twitter? 
Probably Harry Styles. 
Fave Instagram feed? 
Victoria Beckham’s. 
Funniest person on Twitter? 
Mo The Comedian. Hilarious! 
Do you have a personal Facebook profile?  
Yes, I do! But it’s top secret...
Last DM?
It was H from Steps.

Alexandra Burke sings Hallelujah in the 2008 X Factor final
She picks out her favourite tracks, 12 in total, and it’s the clearest sign yet that the third album may finally be on its way – a dream she shared with her mum before she died.
“I was telling her that this album needs to be so real that it hurts me to get into the studio, that it hurts to write,” recalls Alexandra.
“I was 20 years old when I won The X Factor. I’m not singing about bad boys any more, I’m singing about being heartbroken.
“After nine years it’s time to just be real.”

Watch Strictly Come Dancing, tonight, 7.20pm, BBC1.


