Juventus want Hector Bellerin and Angel Di Maria as Arsenal and PSG stars are targeted in big-money moves
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4872864/hector-bellerin-angel-di-maria-juventus-arsenal-psg/
8th November 2017, 7:26 pm
JUVENTUS are reportedly targeting sensational moves for Hector Bellerin and Angel Di Maria.
TMW claims the Italian champions want Arsenal right-back Bellerin to bolster their backline.
Rex Features4 Arsenal star Hector Bellerin is a transfer target for Italian giants Juventus
While Leggo adds that Paris Saint-Germain winger Di Maria is a ‘dream’ signing for the January transfer window.
After winning the last six Serie A titles, Juventus finally find themselves in a real battle this season.
They are one point behind leaders Napoli after playing 12 games and have Inter Milan, Lazio and Roma breathing down their neck.
Recent signings such as Blaise Matuidi and Douglas Costa have made an immediate impression in Turin.

SUN BETS: BET £10 GET A FREE £30 BET

AFP4 Juventus are also hoping to land a 'dream' signing in Angel Di Maria
And it seems Massimo Allegri wants even more new faces to prevent the league from slipping out of his grasp, with Bellerin said to remain a key target after transfer talks last summer.
But it’s Di Maria who Juve chiefs are apparently desperate to land as soon as possible, with the Argentina international facing an uncertain future at PSG.

EUR IN LUCK How do the Big Five leagues in Europe look so far?

Di Maria has lost his place in the side to world-record signing Neymar and is being linked with a move to the Chinese Super League.
However, Juve could be the team to swoop in and secure his signature – although they’ll apparently have to pay at least £50million for the privilege.
Juventus transfer newsGossipJUR JOKING Juventus 'contact' Klopp over shock move to replace Allegri... but to no avail DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin MONEY WALKS Chelsea will demand just £5m to allow Sarri to quit with Juventus circling GossipLAMPS LINKED Chelsea want Lampard back as new boss with Sarri 'big favourite' for Juve job CIECH'S MATE Szczesny reveals how he persuaded Ramsey to join Juve after talks 5 months ago GossipCon Artist Conte opens door for Sarri to Juventus by snubbing old side for Inter Milan deal 

AFP4 Juve held talks with Bellerin's representatives last summer
AFP4 Argentina international Di Maria could cost £50million should he leave PSG
10 things you didn't know about Juventus striker Paulo Dybala 
Most read in sportExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal 

