Feng shui expert reveals how your bedroom could be stopping you from sleeping
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/4856441/feng-shui-layout-bedroom-sleep/
6th November 2017, 7:31 pm
IF you end up tossing and turning every night, then it'll come as no surprise when we say something is wrong with your sleeping habits.
But you may be surprised to learn that one woman reckons the secret to a good night's sleep lies in your bedroom's feng shui.
Getty - Contributor6 If you're tossing and turning in bed every night, you may want to consider changing up your bedroom
The ancient Chinese art is all about the ways you can harness "good energy" to improve your life, and one feng shui expert thinks it could be the trick to getting your eight hours.
Feng shui consultant Sarah McAllister has five tips to improve the vibe in your bedroom, and make sure you're sleeping better as a result, Mail Online reports.
Sarah, the founder of FengShuiAgency.com, claims she has transformed people's lives with her tips for channelling your bedroom's energy.
And ahead of her book, The Dreams Architect, coming out in January, here's how she reckons you can feng shui yourself to better kip.
Sarah McAllister6 Feng shui pro Sarah McAllister reckons she can help you sleep by jigging around the energies in your bedroom
Headboards help
A stack of pillows is no substitute for a proper headboard, Sarah claims.
She says: "The bed needs to feel like a haven of security, not a makeshift environment.
"You absolutely need a nice high, padded headboard that is comfortable and secure and has no gaps through to the wall.
"This stabilises the energy there and stops energy leaking away. Avoid slatted headboards and metal ones."
Getty - Contributor6 Make sure your bed has a proper headboard to make the room feel less haphazard
Switch off to switch off
Sarah reckons that ramming your bedroom with electronic devices will only leave you tossing and turning, and it's apparently all thanks to the "electromagnetic stress" they create.
She says: "Avoid having a radio alarm clock near your head or mobile phone charging stations and large metal items.
"Natural materials like wood, cotton, wool, silk, linen, cotton and velvet are preferable to polyester/artificial fabrics which can collect static.
"TVs are not ideal, but if you must have one then make sure you can close it off in a cupboard and switch off completely."
Getty - Contributor6 Charging overnight is a bad idea, according to the sleep specialist and feng shui expert
Window pain
If you keep your windows shut at night, it may be time for a change.
Sarah says: "Some people keep the windows closed all the time and rely only on air conditioning.
"This makes the room very yin - while yin (restful) is good for sleep, excessive yin energy means that sleep is poor quality as there is no vitality in the room."
Keep it simple
Sarah says the trick to encouraging good night-time energies is staying clear of loud patterns in your bedroom.
She says: "Avoid too many patterns in the bedroom, especially geometric ones, which are too much fire element and over stimulating."
Getty - Contributor6 Keeping the patterns in your room as simple as possible may be the real trick to great kip
Fight the light
All too often, bedrooms aren't anywhere near as dark as they should be, the feng shui expert says.
Sarah explains: "Blue light from phones and tablet screens interferes with the melatonin levels in your body which govern your natural biorhythms.
"When you read at night on a tablet or phone your body registers the blue light emitted and thinks it is daylight hours, so it doesn’t get ready for sleep.
"Use the candlelight setting on your device between hours of 7pm and 7am so that the screen emits less blue light during those times, or ideally switch them off completely."
Getty - Contributor6 Too much light is the worst thing for any bedroom - so make sure you keep it as dark as possible
Previously, we told the story of the couples who claim each other's snoring is ruining their relationship.
We also revealed five signs that your bad bedtime habits could mean you're sleepwalking towards a break-up.
Perfect recipe for a goodnight's sleep revealed
Most read in FabulousBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands 

