The real-life inspiration behind Harry Potter revealed in spellbinding exhibition – from a guide to making a Philosopher’s stone to ancient ‘dragon bones’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/4719363/spellbinding-harry-potter-exhibition-british-library-jk-rowling/
19th October 2017, 12:07 pm
CALLING all muggles! If you are a Potter fan that has been left with a Hogwarts-shaped hole since the books were released, panic not.
To celebrate the 20th anniversary of The Boy Who Lived, the British Library is hosting a special Harry Potter exhibition featuring Harry’s broom and never-seen-before notes and drawings by JK Rowling.
Reuters16 A Harry Potter exhibition is opening on Friday at the British Library, combining historical arteifacts with book memorabilia
Around 30,000 eager fans have already snapped up their tickets for the spellbinding exhibition, which is running from Friday October 20 to February 28.
Harry Potter: A History of Magic is the first of its kind to celebrate a single series of books by a living author and includes rare memorabilia surrounding the famous teenage wizard.
Combined with this, is centuries-old British Library treasures including the oldest item in the attraction's collection, the Chinese Oracle bones from 1192BC.
This ancient wonder was used for fortune telling more than 3,000 years ago when they were believed to have come from dragons.
Getty - Contributor16 Around 30,000 eager fans have already snapped up their tickets for the exhibition
AFP or licensors16 A drawing of Harry Potter and his broomstick are on display at the London attraction
AP:Associated Press16 The oldest dateable items in the British Library's collection from 1192 BC are these Chinese Oracle Bones, which were used for fortune-telling as they were believed to have come from dragons
The exhibition is sure to be a magnet for muggles who are keen to learn about the magic of The Potterverse, and see artefacts and rooms themed on subjects such as Potions, Herbology, and Charms.
Potter-enthusiasts can see a six-metre-long scroll dating from the 16th century which explains how to make a philosopher’s stone.
There is also a Celestial globe dating from 1693 which has constellations that were inspiration for character names such as Remus Lupin, Sirius Black, Bellatrix LeStrange and Draco Malfoy.
Rex Features16 Some of the rooms are themed around subjects taught at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry
AFP or licensors16 The Ripley scroll from the 16th century is said to reveal how to make a Philosopher's stone
Fans can also pore over JK Rowling’s personal sketch of Hogwarts, a handwritten list of teachers at Hogwarts and see the original artwork for the books by Jim Kay.
Included in the colourful creations are portraits of beloved characters Harry, Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall and Hagrid.
Potterheads can also see unseen drafts from early Harry Potter novels, with crossings out and revisions in Jo’s hand.
Who knew that an early draft of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone even had Vernon Dursley as a Muggle politician and Hagrid as an inarticulate emissary to 10 Downing Street?
AFP or licensors16 A visitor stands next to a sketch titled 'The Boy who Lived'
AP:Associated Press16 Fans can see the original artwork for the books by Jim Kay
AFP or licensors16 An exhibition curator stands next to an illustration of Fawkes the Phoenix
AFP or licensors16 A detail of a painting of Professor Dumbledore can be seen by those at the winter display
And there is even a tombstone dedicated to the magical Nicolas Flamel, who is said to have died in 1418, but whose grave didn’t contain a body.
JK Rowling commented the library had “done an incredible job” and said: “Encountering objects for real that have in some shape or form figured in my books has been quite wonderful, and to have several of my own items in the exhibition is a reminder of 20 amazing years since Harry was first published.”
Tickets cost £16 for adults and £5-£11 for concessions, and can be purchased from the Library’s website.
Getty Images - Getty16 The exhibition features old books suspended from the ceiling, so don't forget to look up during your visit
Rex Features16 An 18th century artefact of a Japanese mermaid dating back to the 18th century is included in the tour
Rex Features16 Tickets cost £16 for adults and £5-£11 for concessions, and can be purchased from the Library’s website
AP:Associated Press16 Potter-enthusiasts can see the six-metre-long Ripley Scroll as well as a number of other ancient texts
Curator Julian Harrison said: “We’re thrilled to welcome visitors and Harry Potter fans alike to Harry Potter: A History Of Magic.
“We’ve loved discovering the magical traditions that lie behind the books, and we’ve encountered so many amazing artefacts along the way.
“The exhibition takes visitors on a fascinating journey — from mermaids to crystal balls, from broomsticks to garden gnomes.”
Reuters16 Harry Potter: A History of Magic is the first of its kind to celebrate a single series of books by a living author
AFP or licensors16 The Harry Potter exhibition is running from Friday October 20 to February 28
The Harry Potter series went on to sell over 400 million books in 68 different languages, and inspired an eight-part movie franchise and theatre show.
In celebration of Harry Potter And The Philosopher’s Stone's 20th anniversary, the Beeb will be showing a magical documentary airing on BBC Two on Saturday October 28 , 2017 at 10pm.
If you are looking for more ways to keep the magic dream alive, here are six UK experiences for fans. 

More in Harry PotterTHROUGH HAGRID’S EYES Universal Orlando’s new Harry Potter ride reveals new POV video FLEETWOOD FACTS Meet Kate Fleetwood, Victoria actress who was in Harry Potter and Star Wars SPELLBINDING Video of Universal's new Harry Potter ride shows a super realistic Hagrid ginny dipping Harry Potter’s Bonnie Wright, 28, looks nothing like Ginny modelling bikini Wealthy wizard How old was Daniel Radcliffe in Harry Potter and what is his net worth? BREAKING GRINGOTTS Harry Potter book with misspellings & personal note sells for £68k 
 
 
 

