Amanda Staveley at Newcastle stadium St James’ Park for draw against Liverpool amid takeover rumours
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4589138/amanda-staveley-newcastle-st-james-park-takeover/
2nd October 2017, 5:36 pm
FINANCIAL entrepreneur Amanda Staveley was at St James’ Park yesterday – sparking speculation she could be involved in a Newcastle takeover attempt.
The former girlfriend of Prince Andrew runs the £20billion private equity fund PCP Capital Partners, which is an investment vehicle for sovereign Middle East money.
Getty Images4 Amanda Staveley was at St James' Park today
Rex Features4 The businesswoman has been involved in many big transactions
Staveley, 44, helped Thaksin Shinawatra sell Manchester City to Abu Dhabi's Sheik Mansour in 2008.
And this summer, the Yorkshirewoman admitted she is interested in buying a Premier League club.
SunSport understands Staveley was NOT invited to Tyneside by Ashley or any of his senior staff.
But her appearance may be significant given Ashley, who was not at yesterday’s game, is actively looking to sell the club he bought in 2007.
The Sports Direct tycoon wants just shy of £400million for Newcastle and several parties have expressed interest in recent weeks.
Staveley sat in the stands next to Hillsborough campaigner Margaret Aspinall, who Newcastle boss Rafa Benitez made guest of honour for yesterday’s match with Liverpool.

BACK PROBLEMS: Defence costs Liverpool again as Newcastle fight back to earn a draw

PA:Press Association4 Mike Ashley is directly looking to offload Newcastle
Rex Features4 Staveley has previously worked with Manchester City and her group made an offer for Liverpool

Interestingly, Staveley has previously been involved in takeover attempts of the Reds.
In 2007, she helped Dubai investors with a bid which was ultimately aborted.

TOP MARKS: Newcastle vs Liverpool player ratings - who was Dream Team star man?

And last year her firm made a joint offer for a share of the club with Chinese company Everbright Limited - but it was rejected by the Reds' current owners, the Fenway Sports Group.
Staveley has also been linked with a potential takeover attempt of Tottenham.

Most Read In SportExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal 

