FIFA 18 highest rated players, hints, tips, Ultimate Team and Career Mode information
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3760861/highest-rated-players-career-mode/
29th September 2017, 5:14 pm
FIFA 18 is on sale NOW!
But before you buy it, we've gottogether every bit of information about EA SPORTS' brilliant new game.
This includes a detailed review, the cheapest places to purchase it, the highest rated players, hints, tips and much, much more.
But first - do you know anyone called Alex Hunter? Well you better give them a call.
That's because GAME is offering anyone who shares the name of the main character, Alex Hunter, a free copy of the game.

IS YOUR FANTASY FOOTBALL TEAM ALREADY IN PIECES? DREAM TEAM WEEKENDER IS JUST THE CURE

Alex Hunters of the UK simply need to send their full name, address and a scan or photo of their I.D.* to content@game.co.uk.
They will then be directed to their nearest GAME store to collect their copy.
34 You can customise Alex Hunter in The Journey this year
This offer forms part of an action-packed week of FIFA 18 launch events at GAME, which kicked off on Monday night with midnight openings in 248 stores for the early access Ronaldo Edition.
Fans can also head down this evening as 250 GAME stores will again be opening just before midnight ahead of the standard edition’s official launch on tomorrow.
This full list of stores can be found here
Now, is FIFA 18 any good?
Verdict 
FIFA 18 is a far superior game than FIFA 17 - but there are still some issues.
Frostbite, for all its good looks, still brings with it numerous annoying glitches and errors. We hope EA patches these in the coming weeks.
However, when it comes to gameplay, the shift towards a more tactical experience is welcome - encouraging you to really think about the game, and rewarding you amply when you do.
34 Improved lighting effects allow for more realistic stadiums
PES 2018, on the other hand, is vastly different - offering a faster, arguably more fun, football experience.
Wait, what about the Nintendo Switch version?
The Nintendo Switch version will not use Frostbite, claiming it's to avoid a 'sh***y second-rate game'.
Frostbite, the in-house engine developed by EA DICE, powers FIFA 18 on Xbox One, PS4 and PC.
However, FIFA on the Switch will use a 'custom engine' based on the Ignite code from FIFA 16.
While EA confirmed the Switch can handle Frostbite, the company opted to build a unique engine because it would have to be heavily downgraded, resulting in a 'sh***y second rate game'.
 FIFA 18 on the Nintendo Switch is shaping up to be the best handheld version to date
Andrei Lazarescu, who leads the team in Bucharest working on FIFA for Nintendo Switch, told Dream Team Gaming: "As much as we would have wanted to (use Frostbite) you can't without making the whole engine work.
"We intentionally chose to do a custom engine because we felt that rather and try and get Frostbite running and end up having to downsize things and making it just a smaller, lower-quality version of the PS4 and Xbox One versions, we wanted this to be a FIFA that stands on its own two feet.
"We want people to recognise it and play it for what it is rather than saying, hey, you're getting a sh***y, second-rate game. This is a full FIFA that players players will enjoy."
For those worried about the lack of Frostbite, Lazarescu is confident the Switch version looks far superior than the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions.

LIKE FANTASY FOOTBALL? SIGN UP TO PLAY DREAM TEAM WEEKENDER NOW

"If you put the two together you won't recognise them," he said.
"When you dock it (and connect to the TV), it's 1080p and 60 frames per second - Gen 3 (PS3 / Xbox 360) never run on this.
"We're also using physics based rendering, another thing that Gen 3 did not have. We're even putting ICONS in Ultimate Team - Gen 3 won't have these either."
FIFA 18 on the Nintendo Switch will feature Career Mode - but it won't be anything like the version on Xbox One, PS4 and PC.
While the Xbox One, PS4 and PC versions will include new features and presentation - inducing interactive transfer negotiations - the Switch version will be a carbon copy of FIFA 17's version.Lazarescu said: "(Career Mode) is probably a similar experience to last year - but it is an experience that has been catered for this season."When asked if there's anything the Switch does differently in the mode, he said: "In Career Mode, no."While this may disappoint some players, it could prove very handy for those already familiar with the game.
What else is worth knowing about the Switch version? 
The Switch has already proven itself as a brilliant handheld companion, so being able to play the full game (not just the Web App) on the go will give this version the edge.
Thankfully, FIFA has been 'custom built' for Nintendo's new hardware.
It may not use the latest Frostbite technology but gameplay is sleek, responsive and runs at 60FPS.
34 You can play mates by detaching the Joy Con controllers
Plus, you're able to detach the Joy Con controllers and play a friend - although this can be a bit fiddly.
A battery life of up to six hours makes it perfect for long journeys.
It has Ultimate Team
As long as you have Wifi you'll be able to play Ultimate Team and buy packs as you normally would.
Champions won't feature but that's not the end of the world.
Graphics and presentation 
The Switch version odes not use Frostbite but will still looks great.
In fact, it runs at 1080p 60FPS when plugged into a TV, and 720p 60 when in handheld mode.
EA producer Andrei Lazaresco told Eurogamer about how they made the most out of Switch's Nvidia Maxwell-based Tegra X1 chip.
34 The Switch version will not feature The Journey: Hunter's Return - which will anger some Nintendo fans
"We're using physical-based rendering," he said. "The crowds are 3D. The grass is 3D. The lighting is new.
"And on top of that you'll have Ultimate Team for the first time on Nintendo - and for the first time you'll be able to take it on the go. You'll be able to play on a plane, on a bus, even from just a hotspot."
How good is Cristiano Ronaldo?
The Portuguese is one of the game's best players and boats a 94 rating.
EA Sports took an age to motion capture every aspect of the star - from his running style to his trademark 'Siiiiii' celebration.
The latter sees the 32-year-old sprint over to the corner, leap into the air then plant his feet into the ground and shout 'Siiii' (which means yes in Portuguese).
34 EA has missed the mark slightly when it comes to Ronaldo's trademark celebration
However, it's not quite getting the reaction EA or the Portuguese would like.
It's largely because, as Eurogamer's Wesley Yin Poole states, they've made Ronaldo sound like a 'wild boar'.

DREAM TEAM EXCLUSIVE OFFER: BET £5, GET A FREE £20 BET

He writes: "The in-game "Siiiiii!" sounds wrong to me, and it's completely jarring. I see what EA was shooting for here, but the developers have missed the mark. It's hilariously bad.
"FIFA fans have already compared Ronaldo's in-game "Siiiiii!" to the noise a wild boar makes.
"It's not a great comparison, but like Ronaldo and a football, I'll run with it."
34 EA may have to do something about the move before fans really kick off
It's not known yet whether EA Sports plans to do anything about the celebration, but surely an audio tweak should be on the cards.
OK, apart from this FIFA 18 sounds great ... where's the cheapest place to pick it up?
As supply will outweigh demand, loads of top retailers will be vying for your business, meaning a lot of the best FIFA 18 deals can be had closer to launch on September 29.
We've pulled together the best FIFA 18 deals here - and we'll keep updating should we spot any more.
Right now, you can expect to fork out £49.99 for the game in most stores. Game has the edge, though, giving you a free month-long pass for Now TV.
The cheapest place for the Nintendo Switch version of the game is Argos, coming in at £47.99.
Remember, if you're not too sure whether to pick up the game, be sure to try out the FIFA 18 demo.
Sadly, there will be NO Switch demo - so Nintendo fans will have to wait a little longer. Given its focus on online play, EA may be holding off the trial until the servers are up to speed.
How can I score amazing free kicks? I could never score them last year
They can be tough to pull off - but thankfully, we've pulled together some handy FIFA 18 free kick tips for you.
When is the Web App released?
The FIFA 18 web app is out now!
You can launch it here
How much does the app cost?
The Web App is completely free.
Wait, you said the demo is out?! Tell me more.

Yep, the FIFA 18 demo is out now - and if you want to know what it's like, read our FIFA 18 review.
Now, let's go through everything you need to know about the demo – from how long it’ll take to download to Ultimate Team and more.


Who is the best player on the demo?
The best player on the demo will be FIFA 18 cover star Cristiano Ronaldo, who's rated 94.
If you’re desperate to get your hands on the game, sign up to EA Access to play FIFA 18 five days before launch for a full 10 hours.
34 Cristiano Ronaldo is the face of this year’s FIFA

What teams are available in the demo?



There are 12 teams in total:




Manchester United
Manchester City
Real Madrid CF
Atlético de Madrid
Juventus F.C.
FC Bayern Munich
Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
LA Galaxy
Toronto FC
Boca Juniors
C.D. Guadalajara
Vissel Kobe

There are four stadiums, too:

Santiago Bernabéu
La Bombonera
StubHub Center
King Fahd Stadium

Who are the best players?
We won't go through them all, but here's the top five.
No prizes for who's number one.
5 Manuel Neuer (92)
34
4 Luis Suarez (92)
34
3 Neymar (92)
34
2 Lionel Messi (93)
34
1 Cristiano Ronaldo (94)
34
 
So, have you played FIFA 18?
Yes, and we're very impressed.
Why not take a look at our extensive FIFA 18 early review.
We go through everything from The Journey to Career Mode - including detailed comparisons with PES 2018.
What game should I get... FIFA 18 or PES 2018?
Both have their own strengths - for a more complete package, FIFA 18 is an easy winner. But for those after raw, responsive gameplay that really captures the sense of the game, PES is your answer.
What platforms is FIFA 18 on?
FIFA 18's lead consoles will be the Xbox One X and PS4 Pro.
It'll also come on on Xbox One, PS4, PS3, Xbox 360, PC and Nintendo Switch.
Small print on FIFA 18's reveal trailer has revealed some key differences between the game and the Nintendo Switch version.

NOT PICKED YOUR FANTASY FOOTBALL TEAM YET? WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?

The Switch version does not use Frostbite technology or include The Journey.
However, having played it, FIFA on the Switch performs very well and should be a hit.
34 FIFA 17 looked the part, but the Frostbite Engine is capable of so much more
So, how much better does FIFA 18 look? 
Speaking to Dream Team Gaming, Frostbite Studio Director Jonas Skantz revealed: “I can assure you that Frostbite continues to be a true differentiator."
That's certainly the case - FIFA 18 looks very, very good indeed.
Yes, it’s still prone to weird glitches and bugs, but on the whole, it’s tremendously impressive.
Improved lighting and player models are the most noticeable improvements.
Star players such as Cristiano Ronaldo look almost lifelike in the replays, while an improved animation systems allows for more realistic movement across the board.
Stadiums are teeming with intricate details, too – whether it’s cameramen snapping away near the stands, or stewards containing the bustling crowds.
Speaking of which, crowds have had a huge boost this year – with more sophisticated models and animations.
34 Stadiums have been completely re-worked this year to allow for more realism
The result is that you can now celebrate with them – watching as they scramble down the stands to try and reach you.
EA has subtly changed how the stadiums are lit – so if you’re playing in South America, a hazy, sun-kissed look helps it feel very different to if you’re playing in Manchester.
Managers have been given a much-needed spit and polish, too – now looking almost as good as the players themselves. They’re still not quite there, but it’s a huge improvement.
When compared with PES 2018, EA’s game holds up well. There’s more sheen and gloss in FIFA 18, but PES offers cleaner, more crisp visuals.
There’s no ‘one is better than the other’ this year, it just comes down to preference.
Tell us about the Xbox 360 and Ps3 versions - surely they'll be better than last year?
Sadly, not. It won't feature The Journey or use the Frostbite engine.
“Yes, it will be coming out on Xbox 360 and PS3 but is going to be a ‘Gold’ version”, EA SPORTS’ lead gameplay producer Sam Rivera told Dream Team Gaming.
“So there will be updates in the rosters but nothing big, new – like the new engine. It’s just basically an update.”
Rivera confirmed the game will run on Ignite – which has been used since FIFA 16.
This means it will be almost identical to last year’s game and look noticeably worse than FIFA 18 on the Xbox One, PS4 and PC.
Bringing The Journey to last-gen consoles would require recreating the entire experience using Ignite – a move that makes no sense from either a technical or commercial perspective.
Still, that didn’t stop fans from expressing their anger at Alex Hunter’s omission on older consoles in FIFA 17.
34 FIFA 18's The Journey will see Alex Hunter travel around the world however it will not feature in PS3, Switch or Xbox 360 versions of the game
Last year, some didn’t realise until it was too late – and bought FIFA 17 on Xbox 360 and PS3 only to be disappointed that the key mode didn’t feature.
Retailers were equally as confused, with Amazon.co.uk coming under fire for accidentally using screenshots from the current-gen version of the game on adverts for the Xbox 360 version.
One wrote: “My son bought this as it clearly said it included journey mode unlike the standard version costed over 50 pounds. He is now bitterly disappointed having wasted his money this game is no better than fifa 15.”
Another said: “This was purchased for my 12 year old out of his birthday money.
“He was so excited when it arrived and looking forward to playing it, however this soon turned to bitter disappointment when he discovered that it did not include The Journey and therefore not much different from previous versions of FIFA.”
Despite the lack of Frostbite and The Journey, FIFA 18 is currently being listed at £49.99 – the same price as the current-gen version.


34 A screenshot of the Amazon page using the wrong imagery for the last-gen version of FIFA 17



 
There have been lots of changes in Career Mode - but is there anything significant missing?
As we've mentioned, FIFA 18 will feature interactive transfer negotiations in Career Mode - but they'll be missing something. Audible dialogue.
According to YouTuber ChesnoidGaming, dialogue will just appear as text at the bottom of the screen, and will not be spoken by the characters.
The decision to not include any audible dialogue may come as a shock to some fans - especially given the mode now closely mirrors the dialogue set up in The Journey.
In that mode, players hear what Alex Hunter is saying and, as in Career Mode, can steer conversations with multiple dialogue choices.
34 Transfer negotiations are one of the most exciting parts about FIFA 18's Career Mode
Although it would be near impossible to get every player in the game to deliver lines during negotiations, recruiting actors to play random agents certainly wouldn't be too far fetched.
What about Legends - are they making a return?
FIFA 18 has ditched Xbox exclusive Legends in favour of multi-platform Icons.
You can find out more information about FIFA 18 Icons here
So, will there just be one ICON card per player?
Nope. FIFA 18 fans will be able to play with three versions of their favourite players.
FUT ICONS Stories was revealed at FUT live - and will see legends such as Pele, Ronaldo Nazario, Thierry Henry, Lev Yashin and Diego Maradona have three different cards each - all available in FIFA Ultimate Team.
34 Pele's card makes the Brazilian the highest rated player on the game
The cards each reflect each different stage of a player's career - the beginning, their prime and tail-end.
All cards have different stats and appearances.
The best card is a 98-rated Pele - reflecting the Brazilian's ability in the 1970s.
Will the game play the same as FIFA 17?
FIFA 17 has come under fire for some aspects of its gameplay – but as FIFA 18 will be powered by the same engine, we doubt much will change here.
Input delay – the time it takes for a button press to translate into an on-screen action – has led to some negative feedback in FIFA 17.
There have also been claims of 'EAaids' or 'scripting', which refers to the game dynamically adjusting online matches to favour weaker players.
34 Animation was sometimes clunky and unnatural in FIFA 17 - but we're confident EA will smooth things out in FIFA 18
Whilst the former issue is a result of the game’s severs compensating for 'Ping' or connection strength variance between online players, we’d expect to see action taken over 'EAAids'.
Sounds good. Since people have got their hands on FIFA 18 what's been the general consensus? 
Thankfully, the general feedback from the demo and beta has been positive - but there’s one thing that’s causing fans a big headache.
Pace.
In fact, it’s causing such a stir, that some fans have kicked off their own thread on Reddit discussing the matter.
One wrote: “Pace is back, prepare yourselves. Defenders turn like trucks, forwards run like Bolt and turn like Judas.
“Most frustrating is how hard it is to face your defenders up to someone running at you and often a striker will sprint right through your mid and defence to score.”
Another said: “Pace is back…that is very sad. By the end of the year people will just stay back and counter attack. I hated FIFA 15 – they promised to make slow, high-rated defenders useful again.”
It’s not a surprise that EA has tweaked this element of the gameplay in FIFA 18.
The effectiveness of player pace has dwindled over the past few entries – especially in last year’s game.
Too often some of the quickest players would be given a run for their money by players who, on paper, were far slower.
By FIFA 18 adding more ‘meaning’ to the speed attribute, we should see matches become much faster – with greater emphasis on attacking down the flanks.
What other things do fans want to see addressed in FIFA 18?
There's quite a few things that annoyed gamers with FIFA 17.
Here are the main ones.
Long Shots - from 45 yards 
These find the back of the net far too often.
It's largely because goalkeeper AI isn't up to scratch, meaning they spend too often standing still before attempting a dive.
The shots themselves are way too accurate - so incorporating more human error would make things more realistic.
Keepers Mechanics and goal line technology 
In penalties, the keepers sometimes do not save the ball despite the fact they dive in the correct direction.
During open gameplay, they also get confused about when they should punch or catch a ball - the former often resulting in the ball landing to an opponent.
The goal-line technology system is also incredibly erratic.
34 Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates after netting a goal in the FIFA 18 trailer
Player animations
When a player is fouled, the 'complain' animation takes far too long - taking them out of the game for a noticeable period of time.
This needs to be shortened.
Defensive AI
The CPU AI is far too good at defending, so much so that it's often more effective to put the controller down and let it do the work.
This needs to be toned down so it doesn't feel that you're trying to beat the computer as well as the human opponent.
Scrapping auto blocking and auto tackles would be welcome too.
34 Cristiano Ronaldo in action in the latest FIFA 18 trailer
Corners, Headers and chesting
Some fans have reported that corners leave you too exposed to a counter because players don't get back fast enough to cover.
Regarding headers, it seems the attacker always has the ability to step in front of the defender, making it easier for them to score regardless of stats.
Adding more control to the aerial tussle would improve things no end.
Chesting the ball is also inconsistent and in desperate need of more control.
Servers
These have been slightly flaky throughout FIFA 17's lifespan, so greater optimisation especially during peak times would be welcome.
Thankfully, EA revealed that they have a dedicated team of people tasked with ensuring the servers are much improved come FIFA 18.
Players should also be kicked for inactivity if they put down the controller for long periods of time.
If a game disconnects during a match, there needs to be a period where it tries to reconnect to the player until a certain time limit is hit.
34 Crowds have been completely re-worked in FIFA 18 - and now show off a much wider range of animation
Referees
These are often cited as being too inconsistent - with officials often awarding fouls for very weak challenges.
Cards need to given out more frequently, especially for slide tackles.
The red card bug, where the ref will send the last defender off if they tug on an attacker's shirt, needs to be axed, too.
When they release a trailer?
EA Sports have released the trailer for the new game here - you can watch it here.
They also released a Journey 2: Hunter Returns trailer
When will it come out, and will there be a demo?
Yes. The FIFA 18 demo is out now.
 
Will Cristiano Ronaldo still be the best player?
In the demo, yes. In the full game Pele's ICON card trumps Ronaldo's by some distance.
Expect his pace and dribbling to take a slight knock this year compared with his FIFA 17 stats.
Speaking of which...
Has Ronaldo's rating been revealed?
Yes - he scores 94. He's slightly slower than in the last game but is more deadly in front of goal.


Speaking of ratings... has there been any controversial decisions yet?
You betcha.
FIFA 18 fans are laying into EA Sports after Sadio Mane was listed lower in the top 100 players than Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
Mane joined Liverpool last year but was instrumental in helping the side to a top four finish.
Armenian Mkhitaryan had a decent season, too, helping United win a couple of trophies - but arguably, it was the Liverpool man who had the better season.
34 The Armenian has a similar rating to Mane, but is ranked much higher
However, Mane is rated in 98th place, while Mkhitaryan sits in 83rd. And some fans are not too happy about it.
Loads took to Twitter to voice their concerns, with some threatening to not buy the game unless it was addressed.

It was too late for one man kick offs to feature in FIFA 17 - but will they come along this year?
The change in football laws came into effect at the start of the 2016/17 season, but too late for EA Sports to implement the change into FIFA 17.
Fortunately, they have included the new rule into the game, meaning players will be using the one-man kick-off system in all matches.
Dream Team was given the chance to play the new game, and experienced for ourselves the one-man kick-off format.
Of course, we tried our best to kick it all the way back to the keeper, but we couldn’t do it in the build of the game we played (doubtless someone will come up with a YouTube video showing how to at a later date).
34 Stadiums are much more detailed in FIFA 18
But we were able to pass it back to the central defenders, wide midfielders, as well as just knock it back to the other forward.
We also asked FIFA’s Lead Gameplay Producer Sam Rivera how frustrating it was that football changed the kick-off laws, just days after FIFA 17 had gone to press.
He said: “I remember we talked about whether or not we could get it into the last game, but it was impossible for us to do it.
“It’s a nice addition that you see in real life, how it works is basically we tried to find out which teams were doing one player kick offs and who weren’t, but we couldn’t find find any patterns.
“So we just made it so that if you start the game with a one player kick off, you carry on the whole game with it whenever you take a kick-off.”
Will the Chinese Super League feature?
EA confirmed to Fox Sports that the league, arguably the fastest growing and richest in the world, will not feature in FIFA 18.
EA SPORTS' lead gameplay producer Sam Rivera said: "Our intention with FIFA is to bring the best leagues in the world.
"Yes, we thought about the Chinese league, but for now the Super League will not be included in FIFA 18 ."
Gamers have been calling on EA to include the Chinese Super League for months after a string of high-profile players made the move overseas.
Earlier in the year, Jiangsu Suning’s Alex Teixeira Santos posted a picture on Instagram, with the caption: “Official presentation for FIFA 18 new jersey for the 2017 season.”
Some took this to be a sign the league was set to be included - but it's clear now this is not the case.
Will The Journey feature again? (SPOILER ALERT)
Yes, it's called Hunter Returns.
The Journey 2 will still follow the life and career of Alex Hunter, and no, you won’t be able to be anyone else.
Unfortunately for those hoping to put themselves in the game, or play with a player of their choice, you still have to be Alex Hunter.
Here's what we know:
The story line decisions are much broader
Last season’s game mode saw the story line quite narrow, with limited decision making.
It was the first time EA Sports had entered in a story mode like this, so we can forgive them, but this time round the story line is much, much broader, and the decisions you make will make a much greater difference.
Whereas most of us ended up winning the FA Cup with our Hunters in FIFA 17, it’ll be interesting to see where our character can end up once we’ve taken different decisions from our mates.


34 A screenshot from the FIFA 17's The Journey


The gameplay and mechanics are virtually the same
We haven’t had a chance to play the whole thing, far from it, but it looks as if though they’ve maintained the things we enjoyed most from The Journey.
So decisions of fiery, cool or moderate stay, you’ll have to earn ratings in training and matches to excel, and scenes will happen sporadically through the story.
You can modify your Alex Hunter to have blonde hair and tattoos
…And the rest. You’ll be able to change the look of your Alex Hunter to have a vast array of different hairstyles, tattoos, tracksuits and so on.
There is apparently ‘hundreds’ of options to choose from, which will be an exciting change.
Read more about the changes you’ll be able to make to your character here.


Dream Team34 How we think Alex Hunter could appear next season


Will you be able to start where you left off in FIFA 17?
That’s one thing we’ve not been told as yet, but it looks likely that you’ll have to start afresh with your new Hunter in this game.
Presumably the thinking behind this (if it were the case) will be that because everyone ended their Hunter in a slightly different way but broadly on a similar path (winning the FA Cup, getting a 75 FUT card etc.), it would make more sense to just wipe the slate clean.
Slightly annoying for those who became fond of their Hunter, but probably it’s all for the best.
Does Alex Hunter get a girlfriend?
Hmm, now this one could get interesting.
At the FIFA 18 preview event in May, we watched a presentation on The Journey 2, in which an image of a woman, probably a similar age to Hunter, popped up.
The guys from EA Sports pointed it out, said they won't tell us exactly who it was, before adding that there were 'a lot of new characters' that you come across and interact with.
We can't say it definitively, but certainly one to watch.


34 Marco Reus chats with Hunter in FIFA 17's The Journey


Cristiano Ronaldo features in it, and quite heavily
CR7 is the real star of FIFA 18, given what we've seen of the game so far.
It's no different in The Journey 2, and we've seen images and clips of Cristiano appearing in a scene alongside Hunter.
Considering he's the cover star, the Real Madrid man will feature prominently in the game across the board.
Speaking of which...
Alex Hunter gets offered a move to Real Madrid?
Whether or not this is as a result of a few decisions and good performances going right for your character, but we've witnessed a scene in which Hunter's agent storms into his kitchen/dining room/lounge (that hasn't changed) and offers him a move to Los Blancos.
That's all we'll say about it here, you can read all about the scenes we've played here.
You can play local multiplayer in your game
This is a lovely little addition - you'll now be able to play The Journey alongside your friends.
When you're met with the start game screen, you can play local multiplayer mode, meaning you can blame your friend sat next to you for not slipping in Hunter to secure a goal an a much-needed 7.0 rating.
Oh, and Hunter now his own Twitter account.
Yep, Hunter has joined Twitter... which is leading to some interesting results.
The account, @MrAlexHunter, was started by EA as a means of ramping up PR ahead of the launch of FIFA 18 in September.
It's a nice idea in theory, but in reality poor old Alex is getting torn to shreds.
Largely because he's a fictional video game character and is little more than a bundle of pixels with no soul.
Will free kicks and penalties stay the same?
Penalties won't change much, but free kicks could see an overhaul.
The new “momentum” system that governs the set-pieces is incredibly hard to master and has been panned by FIFA players.
As a result, we’d expect this to revert back to the more “traditional” shot power and curl mechanic.
34 Penalties can be hard to master - but can be prone to erratic goalkeeper AI
The system works wonders for penalties, though – allowing for much more control over shot placement and power.
Goalkeeper AI during spot kicks is often found wanting, so expect EA to address this.
 
Tell us about the stadiums - what ones will be included?
Stadiums are one of the biggest talking points about FIFA 18.
While FIFA 17 featured more than 70 stadiums – including the likes of the Santiago Bernabéu, Juventus Stadium and Allianz Arena, there were some notable names missing.
Thankfully, as the guys at Goal pointed out, there are some new additions in FIFA 18.
PA:Press Association34 Tottenham bid an emotional farewell to White Hart Lane against Manchester United earlier this year
These include LA Galaxy's StubHub Center, newly-promoted Huddersfield Town's John Smith’s Stadium and Brighton & Hove Albion’s Amex arena.
Getty Images34 An aerial image shows Tottenham's new stadium compared to White Hart Lane
Sadly, there's one notable omission - and we're not talking about the Camp Nou. White Hart Lane will not feature - as Tottenham have now moved to Wembley.
The Estadio Vicente Calderon will also likely get the chop, given that Atletico Madrid are in the process of moving to the Wanda Metropolitano.
Here's every stadium that will feature in the game - not including the generic ones.
Premier League

Dean Court: AFC Bournemouth
Emirates Stadium: Arsenal
Amex Stadium: Brighton & Hove Albion
Turf Moor: Burnley
Stamford Bridge: Chelsea
Selhurst Park: Crystal Palace
Goodison Park: Everton
John Smith's Stadium: Huddersfield Town
King Power Stadium: Leicester City
Anfield: Liverpool
Etihad Stadium: Manchester City
Old Trafford: Manchester United
St James' Park: Newcastle United
St Mary's Stadium: Southampton
bet365 Stadium: Stoke City
Liberty Stadium: Swansea City
Wembley: Tottenham Hotspur
Vicarage Road: Watford
The Hawthorns: West Bromwich Albion
London Stadium: West Ham United

PA:Press Association34 The Emirates Stadium will feature in FIFA 18
EFL Championship 

Villa Park: Aston Villa
KCOM Stadium: Hull City
Riverside: Middlesbrough
Carrow Road: Norwich City
Loftus Road: QPR

EFL League One 

Fratton Park: Portsmouth

European

Allianz Arena: Bayern Munich
Johan Cruijff Arena: Ajax
Borussia Park: Borussia Monchengladbach
Donbass Arena: Shakhtar Donetsk
Mestalla Stadium: Valencia CF
Juventus Stadium: Juventus
Olympiastadion: Hertha Berlin
Stade Velodrome: Olympique Marseille
Parc des Princes: PSG
San Siro: AC Milan & Inter Milan
Santiago Bernabeu: Real Madrid
Signal Iduna Park: Borussia Dortmund
Veltins Arena: Schalke 04
Volksparkstadion: Hamburg SV
Wanda Metropolitano: Atletico Madrid

34 The Allianz Arena will be making a return - as expected
Rest of the world

BC Place Stadium: Vancouver Whitecaps
CenturyLink Field: Seattle Sounders
Estadio Azteca: Club America
King Abdullah Sports City: Al Ittihad & Al Ahli
King Fahd International Stadium: Al Hilal, Al Nassr & Al Shabab
La Bombonera: Boca Juniors
El Monumental: River Plate
StubHub Center: LA Galaxy
Suita City Football Stadium: Gamba Osaka


Are there any cheats? 
A cheat called '99OVR’ gives every single player in your team a 99 rating in every skill - and it could ruin FIFA 18.
34 The hack has made its way on to the PC version, where access to the game's code is easier
This theoretically means that even bronze or silver players can be better than 93-rated Lionel Messi and 94-rated Cristiano Ronaldo.
It’s also extremely damaging to Ultimate Team as it results in a 10K squad being better than a five million FUT-coin team.
Now for the worst bit – it’s extremely hard to tell if someone is using the cheat until it’s too late.
It's thought EA is aware of the matter and taking steps to eradicate the cheat.
Reddit users have spotted that when you match against an opponent and their team comes up on the screen, a disconnect occurs.
EA now registers player stats server side, so every one of those disconnects could be a cheater using 99OVR.
Worringly, it took almost the entire of FIFA 17's lifespan for EA to find a workaround for the cheat. By that time, many normal players had abandoned the PC version of the game altogether.
Given that there are forums devoted to finding out ways to hack the game, something tells us a version of the 99OVR cheat may rear its ugly head in FIFA 18 on PC.
How much will it cost?
FIFA 18 will cost around £49.99 - but given the demand, some outlets may undercut this.
We expect the cheapest the game will go for at launch to be around £45.
When will pre-orders start?
FIFA 17 pre-orders have kicked off now.
There are three editions: Ronaldo (Deluxe) and ICON (Super Deluxe) Editions. You can find more information by visiting the FIFA 18 website 
What is in each package?

Icon Edition 




Play from September 26th with 3 Days Early Access
Up to 40 FIFA Ultimate Team Jumbo Premium Gold Packs (two per week over 20 weeks – worth up to $120)
3 match FUT Team of the Week loan player (one three match loan player for 20 weeks)
Cristiano Ronaldo FUT loan player for 5 matches
Ronaldo Nazário FUT Icon loan player for 5 matches
8 special edition FUT kits designed by FIFA soundtrack artists

Digital Only. Pre-order for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Ronaldo Edition 




Play from September 26th with 3 Days Early Access
Up to 20 FIFA Ultimate Team Jumbo Premium Gold Packs (one per week for 20 weeks – worth up to $60)
Cristiano Ronaldo FUT loan player for 5 matches
8 special edition FUT kits designed by FIFA soundtrack artists

Pre-order for PlayStation 4,  Xbox One, and  PC
Standard Edition 




Up to 5 FIFA Ultimate Team Jumbo Premium Gold Packs (one per week for five weeks – worth up to $15)
Cristiano Ronaldo FUT loan player for 5 matches
8 special edition FUT kits designed by FIFA soundtrack artists

What package would you recommend?
Personally, I wouldn't get tied up by Ronaldo loans etc. All many people will really care about is the game, so I'd go for the cheaper option.
Just invest wisely and buy up players in the market who you feel will shoot up in value.



WATCH: Dream Team Comedy Sketch - We all have mates that come up with these classic FIFA excuses
[ooyala code="NjZXcyYjE6xrPV8VseA-lNOkgrXAvBjD" player_id="63f267a0aae8493e9a2393eb94951149" width="1920" height="1080" caption="" auto="true" autoplay="true"]
Have you signed up to play fantasy football yet?
If the answer is no you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.
Because the Dream Team game - the UK's biggest fantasy football game - is back and better than ever this season.
You've got a £50m budget to pick 11 players, with all the biggest new signings ready and raring to go ahead of a mouthwatering new Premier League campaign.
So what are you waiting for? Sign up to play now!

