Roy Hodgson rejected £8million Chinese Super League offer to rescue Crystal Palace
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4453554/roy-hodgson-chinese-super-league-crystal-palace/
13th September 2017, 9:08 am
ROY HODGSON snubbed an £8million offer from the Chinese Super League to take over at Crystal Palace.
The ex-England boss has been undertaking TV work and public-speaking gigs to pay the rent after his Three Lions disaster at Euro 2016.
Twitter2 Roy Hodgson is the new Crystal Palace manager
Rex Features2 Roy Hodgson is set to take over as Crystal Palace's new manager after snubbing two Chinese offers
But, according to the Mirror, TWO clubs in China tried to lure him out to the Far East but the 70-year-old held and has now secured a Premier League return.
Instead of upping sticks for the cash-swamped CSL, Hodgson has returned to his South London roots and the familiar Selhurst Park.
After replacing the dire Frank de Boer, Hodgson said: “This is very much the club of my boyhood and I remember in my youth watching the club from the terraces at the Holmesdale Road end which gave me such fond memories.
"In those days I had dreams of playing for the team, then as a coach you think about coaching the team and a lot has happened in between times.
“It is very rewarding to find myself here now, in different times, as the Palace manager at a club that I have always loved and admired with a huge potential.
“We are the club of south London, with an enormously large fan base.
EXCLUSIVE OFFER: BET £5 GET A FREE £10 BET
latest crystal palace newsblanks but frank banks Frank De Boer set for £2million pay-off from Crystal Palace after sacking just 77 days into job ExclusiveIan Wright I feel sorry for Frank De Boer but chairman Steve Parish made the right decision... the Dutchman had to go LatestDE BOER, NO MORE Frank De Boer SACKED by Palace after just FOUR Premier League matches in charge Roy-al appointment Roy Hodgson appointed Crystal Palace manager after Frank de Boer's sacking RevealedRoy-al arrival Roy Hodgson to take charge of Crystal Palace training tomorrow as he nears signing two-year deal GossipEAGLES NEST EGG Roy Hodgson set for £1m Crystal Palace bonus if he keeps strugglers up 

“The ambitions here are realistic and there is an enormous potential for growth and I hope we can achieve our goals.
"I am very excited to be back in club football and it is a long while since I have enjoyed the day to day sessions of training."
Hodgson’s reputation took a battering after the shocking Euro 2016 exit to minnows Iceland so he has sympathy for his predecessor who lasted just four games.
Dutchman de Boer failed to get his side to claim a point – or even score a goal – during his brief tenure.
And Hodgson empathised with the former Ajax and Inter Milan boss.

He said: “It's a good day for me, I'm very happy and looking forward to hopefully getting down to work and trying to help us get some points in the league and climb up the table.
"I've always got sympathy for managers who lose their job.
“It's a fact of life and it's not my business, it's the business of the club.
“I'm pleased that they've turned to me and allowed me to take the job on."

The summer transfer window was one the craziest we have ever seen.
Take a look at the most profitable transfers of ALL time.
And here are the Premier League players whose wages made them the most expensive per minute played.

