Ethiopian Airlines crash: Haunting last moments of anxious passenger and his Russian model wife who died in disaster that killed 157
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8608022/ethiopian-airlines-crash-russian-passenger-wife-nervous/
11th March 2019, 7:49 am
THESE are the haunting last moments of an anxious passenger and his Russian model wife moments before they were killed in the devastating Ethiopian Airlines plane crash.
Ekaterina Polyakova and husband Alexander Polyakov were among the 157 people on board the doomed flight as it crashed minutes after taking off.
13 Russian ex-model Ekaterina Polyakova and her husband Alexander Polyakov filmed themselves just before getting on the flight
13 Alexander Polyakov looks nervous as he waits for the flight
East2west News13 Ekaterina Polyakova was remembered as 'full of smiles'
Seven Brits were also among the passengers on the plane that left Addis Ababa over the weekend.
In tragic footage, Russian Ekaterina and Alexander, both 28, could be seen waiting to board the flight.
The couple, from Moscow, had a one-and-a-half hour transfer in the Ethiopian capital before flying for a dream holiday to Kenya.
The post was captioned: "1.5 hour transfer and we are flying to Kenya", showing Alexander smiling nervously as he waits for the flight.
Another video shows the couple evidently on a stopover in Kuala Lumpur before flying to Addis Ababa.
Ekaterina - who had worked as a model in her native Taganrog before moving to Moscow - said: "So we finally got to the summer.
"Hi to all winter people. We’re sending you the sun.
"The sun of Asia, there, to the Russian winter. Cooold... Aaaa!"
The couple, who both worked for Russia’s largest financial institution Sberbank, wed while at university and loved planning and taking holidays in far flung locations.
Ekaterina's last post in Instagram read: “Exactly one year ago we headed to Asia, now we are flying to Africa.
"And in the past we thought that a trip to Moscow was something special. Once again, it proves that we are the ones building our own limits and borders."
REMEMBERED FOREVER
Tributes have today been paid for Ekaterina and Alexander, who had previously served in Russia’s marine infantry.
Friend Daria Malysheva, said: "Katya (Ekaterina) finished school with a golden medal, she was a very lively and kind-hearted person.
"They had been dating since they were third year students.
"They were so young, and so full of plans for their lives.
"We can’t believe that the guys have gone like this.
"I can’t imagine what’s happening to their parents now."
Taganrog photographer Ekaterina Gatsenko said Ekaterina was "full of smiles".
Overnight, China ordered its airlines to temporarily ground their Boeing 737 Max 8 planes over safety fears after the devastating air disaster.
ERRATIC FINAL SECONDS
Ethiopian Airlines also today confirmed all Max 8 planes would be grounded until further notice.
An airline spokesperson said: "Although we don't yet know the cause of the accident, we had to decide to ground the particular fleet as extra safety precaution."
It is not yet clear what caused Sunday's crash – but something went wrong shortly after take-off from Bole International Airport in Ethiopia.
Flight-tracking website flightradar24 showed the plane "had unstable vertical speed" shortly after it took off, losing and gaining speed dramatically in its final seconds.
Aviation experts have said this is extremely unusual because once take off happens they say the vertical speed should rise or remain the same.
The plane climbed to 2600m – but just six minutes later, contact with the aircraft was lost.
MOST READ IN NEWS DYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
The CEO of Ethiopian Airlines, Tewolde Gebremariam, confirmed the dead also include eight Americans and Italians, 32 Kenyans, nine Ethiopians, eight Chinese, seven French, 18 Canadians, one Irish, six Egyptians, five from the Netherlands, and four from India and Slovakia.
Mr Gerbremariam said the pilot, who had an "excellent flying record", had reported difficulties and asked to turn back, adding the plane had "no known technical problems".
Senior captain Yared Getachew had a "commendable performance" having completed more than 8,000 hours in the air, an Ethiopian Airlines spokesman said.
 China orders its airlines to ground Boeing 737 MAX 8 jets following deadly Ethiopia Airlines crash
13 The young woman was among the 157 people killed on the flight
East2west News13 The couple loved planning holidays in far-flung locations
East2west News13 The 28-year-old was on the flight as it took off at Addis Ababa airport before crashing just minutes later
East2west News13 Friends paid tribute to the couple
East2west News13 The married couple had been dating since they were third year students
East2west News13 The couple shared footage of them waiting on a stopover in Kuala Lumpur
Reuters13 Wreckage is seen at the site of the Ethiopian Airlines Flight ET 302
Reuters13 Clothing and passengers' belongings at the wreckage site
AP:Associated Press13 A pile of debris on the ground at Bishoftu
Reuters13 A member of the Ethiopian Airline Pilots' Association mourns as she attends a memorial service for the victims


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.



