Candice Swanepoel, Doutzen Kroes and Adriana Lima show off their incredible legs in black mini dresses as they lead the model arrivals at New York book event
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4423602/candice-swanepoel-doutzen-kroes-and-adriana-lima-show-off-their-incredible-legs-in-black-mini-dresses-as-they-lead-the-model-arrivals-at-new-york-book-event/
8th September 2017, 6:59 pm
THE Victoria’s Secret Angels were out in force last night as they attended a book launch.
Showing that a little black dress is always a winner, Candice Swanepoel, Doutzen Kroes and Adriana Lima led the way at the star-studded event for Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott's new book.
Getty - Contributor16 Doutzen Kroes showed off her long legs in New York
Splash News16 She partied alongside fellow angle Candice Swanepoel
Splash News16 Adriana Lima wowed in a black mini dress
Candice turned heads as she strutted into the venue in New York wearing a pair of thigh high boots that made her already long legs look endless.
She teamed the sexy boots with an iridescent minidress that showed off her model figure perfectly.
The 28-year-old completed her look by wearing her hair off her face in a dramatic ponytail.
Doutzen followed closely behind wearing an off the shoulder black jacket style dress.
The skimpy number revealed her long and slender pins, while the 32-year-old wore her hair in a relaxed tousled side parting.
Adriana meanwhile also opted for black and picked a frock with an asymmetrical hemline and one sleeve.
BackGrid16 Kaia Gerber attended the Mert and Marcus book launch
Splash News16 Sara Sampaio opted for black leather trousers
Splash News16 Bella Thorne wore a daring leotard
Splash News16 Kendall Jenner stunned in a minidress
Getty - Contributor16 Joan Smalls kept to the all black dress code
The 36-year-old finished off her glamorous look with a dash of bright red lipstick, while she wore her dark hair poker street.
Their fellow angel Sara Sampaio also kept with the all black theme but opted to wear a pair of black leather trousers and a sexy crop top.
Most Read In Showbiz & TVExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 
Other celebrities in attendance included Bella Hadid, Kim Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and Bella Thorne to name a few.
Meanwhile the VS girls are gearing up for the The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2017 which will take place in Shanghai.
Getty - Contributor16 Candice looked incredible with a dramatic ponytail
Getty - Contributor16 The girls showed exactly why they are VS angels
Splash News16 Bella Hadid picked a quirky denim number
Rex Features16 Lily Aldridge wore a plunging black dress
The annual runway show is set to grace the Chinese city in November 2017, where around 50 models will take to the catwalk to show off the brand's new lingerie collection.
A post on their official Twitter account read: "Ni hao, China! This year's #VSFashionShow is headed to Shanghai. Watch it Nov 28, 10/9C on @CBS. (sic)"
Rex Features16 Nina Agdal looked rock and roll ready
Rex Features16 Kim Kardashian wore an incredible dress that showed off her toned stomach
Getty - Contributor16 Kim showed off new white hair
Rex Features16 Kim was joined by mum Kris
Alessandra Ambrosio, Adriana Lima and Lily Aldridge are set to take to the catwalk as well as new moms Behati Prinsloo and Candice Swanepoel.
Bella and Gigi Hadid are also delighted to be returning once again.

She told fans: "@victoriassecret I am so excited!..!!!!Thank you @monica.mitro@10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer and of course the wonderful, incredible @ed_razek + everyone on the team for making this dream come true again..
"I feel so crazy humbled to get the opportunity to be a part of this show again...Walking into the offices this year i felt so happy, healthy, and honored.. I can't wait for another incredible experience!!! Congrats to all of the beautiful ladies I will be walking beside. I can't wait! Xx (sic)."

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


