Super-slimmer whose 23st bulk ruined her sex life shows off dramatic NINE STONE weight loss after ditching her nightly takeaway habit
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/4412375/katie-dolan-weight-watchers-transformation/
7th September 2017, 1:38 pm
A SUPERMARKET worker who binged on fast food every day has shown off her incredible nine stone weight loss... and she claims it's transformed her sex life.
Katie Dolan, 26, from Cornwall, wouldn't let her boyfriend see her naked because of her body hangups.
Mercury Press9 At her heaviest, Katie was a size 24 and tipped the scales at 23 stone
As she became unhappy in her career, Katie began binge eating for comfort and could gorge herself on up to three takeaways daily.
Worryingly, she ballooned to an unhealthy 23 stone as she could put away 8,000 calories in just 24 hours.
Katie remembered what life was like at 24 stone, remarking: "I was too lazy to exercise and I never cooked.
"Gary and I would eat takeaway curries, Chinese or pizzas every single night.
"I was a proper secret eater and some days I would have three takeaways a day... I was spending a fortune on food."
Not only did her weight begin to pose a threat on Katie's health, it also affected her relationship with her boyfriend Gary Ballard.
Mercury Press9 Katie tried to lose weight for her sister's wedding, but didn't start shifting the pounds until she joined Weight Watchers
Mercury Press9 Katie's weight began to affect her relationship with her boyfriend Gary, 27
Mercury Press9 One month into her weight loss journey, Katie was involved in a car crash
She recalled: "The bigger I got, the more my confidence suffered.
"I was so self-conscious all the time and I started to develop pretty serious anxiety. I just wanted to hide myself away.

WEIGH TO GO! 12 of the most incredible weight loss transformations of all time… and they need to be seen to be believed

"It put a real strain on our relationship and meant I couldn't trust him because of my own insecurities.
"I never ever got undressed in front of him and when it came to being intimate the lights would have to be off and I would keep most my clothes on. It created a real barrier between us."
Mercury Press9 But this didn't stop Katie's determination to get in better shape
Mercury Press9 Katie has managed to shift an incredible nine stone and is now body confident
Mercury Press9 Losing weight has helped Katie and Gary re-ignite the passion in their relationship
As Katie's weight peaked, a medical professional asked her to consider getting a gastric band to help her shift some pounds.
Determined to get fit without surgery, the supermarket worker made it her mission to turn her life around.
She said: "I told the doctor then and there that I was determined to prove I could do it myself. It was a real turning point for me. I completely changed the way I was living my life."
Mercury Press9 Katie has shown off the staggering weight loss without any gastric surgery
Mercury Press9 The loved-up couple are happier than ever following the transformation
Katie joined Weight Watchers and learned to prepare meals for herself.
She was involved in a car crash one month into her weight loss journey, but she didn't let this stand in her way.
Not only has she managed to shift an impressive nine stone, her change in diet has also improved her body confidence.
She said: "My relationship with Gary is so much better. He is amazing. He has been by my side every step of the way supporting me.
"Before I was too lazy to do anything but now, we go out all the time.
"We are so much closer than we have ever been. I trust him completely and we can be a lot more intimate. It is amazing."
Katie isn't the only super-slimmer to show off her dramatic transformation.
One fashion fan revealed how she lost seven stone to fit into her dream dress by giving up junk food.
And read up on the A-Z of dieting to find the regime that could work wonders on your health.
WANT TO LOSE WEIGHT?DOOMED TO FAIL This is why you should NEVER start your diet on a Monday ON THE JUICE Size 26 woman sheds 5st by eating TEN grapefruits a day for four months (but admits it's not the 'healthiest' diet) HELPING HAND A fist of pasta and a fingertip of butter - how your HAND reveals the perfect portion size SUPERSIZED SALES PITCH Brits piling on a stone a year after pushy staff encourage people to switch to super-sized portions 


