This toilet themed restaurant is guaranteed to make you think twice about that chocolate ice-cream
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/food/4366928/this-toilet-themed-restaurant-is-guaranteed-to-make-you-think-twice-about-that-chocolate-ice-cream/
31st August 2017, 10:27 pm
A CHAIN of toilet themed restaurants in Taiwan is single-handedly demolishing the old adage "you don't s**t where you eat".
Modern Toilet celebrates bowel movements and quick nips to the loo with a variety of dishes that look just like POO.
11 You don't see this on Come Dine With Me
All the dishes and drinks are served in mini toilets, bidet-shaped bowls and mugs inspired by urinals and she-pees.
While the idea of it is enough to make most people gag, it's popular with Taiwanese hipsters - and families.
Unlike in the West, where faecal matter is seen as something to be flushed away and not thought off again, poo is regarded as something cute and lucky in Chinese culture.
Superstitious Chinese folk believe stepping in poo is a good omen, and you are bound to receive good luck.
Similarly, if you dream about poo it is said to be a sign that something good is coming your way.
But regardless of old wives' tales, it's hard to believe that anyone would be pleased to see what is being served to them at Modern Toilet.
11 This dinner looks particularly grim
11 Piles of poo are all over the restaurant - but thankfully they're even edible or fake
11 There are even tiny toilets to serve truffles in... at least we hope that's a truffle
From horrifying thick turds of chocolate ice-cream to steaming portions of curry dished up in a mini lav, it's less feast for the senses and more a game of mind over matter.
Adding to the bathroom ambience of the restaurant is the seating, with diners taking their seat on actual toilets.
Most read in living TAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work Exclusive'He threatened to kill me' Woman whose ex beat her for FIVE HOURS says he bragged about abuse on Valentine’s Day NOT JUST SPOTS! Six common types of bumps on your skin - and the ones that could be deadly SHEER LUNACY? Braless Sun girl takes to the streets in a sheer top to try out Kendall Jenner's titillating new fashion trend - so would you try it? JAWSOME Can you spot the shark in this Magic Eye image? Experts reveal reason why not everyone can solve 3D brainteasers X APPEAL Remember X Factor’s Craig Colton? This is what he looks like now PicturedBooty-full property Inside the mansion that was home to a lost treasure mystery… and it could be yours for £6million Fab freebies Here’s the the one easy tip to get O2 Priority deals even if you’re not a customer 
On the menu they can enjoy either Chinese hot pot dishes, or European classics such as spaghetti or pork chop.
Every meal comes with a complimentary green tea and a serving of the eye-popping chocolate ice-cream that really could double for a poo.
11 The outside of the restaurant holds few clues about the wonders that await inside
11 If you were drinking from a cup shaped like a portable urinal would you opt for apple juice?
There are Modern Toilet restaurants all over Taiwan, with the first one opening back in 2004.
In 2013 a toilet themed restaurant opened in Los Angeles.
11 Diners are served their main meals in dishes shaped like small toilets
11 Even the washrooms are toilet-inspired
However, US diners weren't impressed with Magic Restroom's menu, which included Golden Poop (brown curry), Constipation (noodles with soybean paste) and Smells Like Poop (braised pork over rice).
Puddings were even more likely in prompt a dry-heave, with Bloody Number Two (vanilla-strawberry sundae) and Black Poop (chocolate sundae) both up for grabs before the restaurant quietly closed down eight months after opening.
11 It's probably worth going to the restaurant just to take a picture like this
11 Diners sit on toilets as they eat their faeces-inspired meals
11 The restaurant chain just loves toilets and all they stand (or sit) for
This mum is saving £100-a-year by ditching toilet paper for washable rags.
And take a look at these terrible - but hilarious - toilet design fails.

