Victoria’s Secret beauties Josephine Skriver, Jasmine Tookes and Taylor Hill wow as they arrive for fittings in New York
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/4350571/victorias-secret-josephine-skriver-jasmine-tookes-taylor-hill-fittings-new-york/
30th August 2017, 12:33 am
VICTORIA'S Secret girls Josephine Skriver, Jasmin Tookes and Taylor Hill looked incredible as they arrived for fittings for the brand in New York.
Showing off plenty of cleavage, Josephine went braless in a sexy lace top with a teardrop cut out.
Getty - Contributor13 Josephine Skriver showed off plenty of cleavage as she arrived in NYC for her Victoria's Secret fitting
Getty - Contributor13 She wore a lace top with a teardrop cutout showing off her chest
She matched it with a thigh-grazing navy miniskirt and black boots as a minder held an umbrella over her head as she got out of her car.
Jasmine embraced the wet weather, holding her hand out to catch raindrops and smiling brightly for the cameras.
The beauty displayed her slender midriff and svelte legs in skintight leather trousers.
Taylor looked angelic in a baggy white minidress and held her eye-catching feathered wings which wouldn't have looked out of place on the catwalk.
Lily Aldridge also clutched her wings as she walked wearing a loose-fitting tee, dark trousers and black stilettos.
Candice Swanepoel's endless legs were on display in a white shirt dress which cinched at the waist and a pair of strappy heels which complemented her handbag.
Rex Features13 Taylor Hill looked angelic as she clutched her wings
Rex Features13 The beauty showed off her tanned legs in the stylish dress
Splash News13 Jasmin Tookes didn't look disheartened by the rain
Splash News13 She displayed her slender midriff and svelte legs in a pair of skintight trousers
Alessandra Ambrosio rocked a cropped Rolling Stone tee and shades for a cool look.
Lais Ribeiro walked tall in black stilettos and showed off her toned middle through a sheer top which also revealed her bra.
Completing the bevy of beauties was Romee Strijd, who stood out in metallic lilac trousers and a shimmering silver top.
Yesterday Bella Hadid caused a stir when she turned up for her fitting with her nipples clearly visible through her top.
Splash News13 Lily Aldridge carried her wings and a statement bag as she walked down the street
Splash News13 Alessandra Ambrosio rocked a cropped Rolling Stones tee
Splash News13 Candice Swanepoel's legs looked endless
This year's prestigious Victoria's Secret Fashion Show will take place in Shanghai.
The annual runway show is set to grace the Chinese city in November 2017, where around 50 models will take to the catwalk to show off the brand's new lingerie collection.
MOST READ IN TV AND SHOWBIZExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 

A post on its official Twitter account reads: "Ni hao, China! This year's #VSFashionShow is headed to Shanghai. Watch it Nov 28, 10/9C on @CBS. (sic)"
It comes soon after 22-year-old model Gigi Hadid revealed she would be walking in the show in 2017.
Rex Features13 Romee Strijd couldnt be missed in metallic lilac trousers
Rex Features13 Lais Ribeiro stunned in a sheer top which showed off her bra
Rex Features13 Lily pulled off a rock chic look perfectly
Sharing a video of herself in the look she wore in last year's show, she wrote: "Forever and ever and ever a dream come true to be asked back to the VS Show !!! ... Thank you my friends @ed_razek@10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer@monica.mitro for another unforgettable opportunity; every aspect makes me feel like a dreaming kid again (as shown here at last year's fitting, by @jeromeduran)! @victoriassecret#VSFS2017 (sic)"
Bella will also be strutting her stuff on the runway, adding on her own Instagram account: "@victoriassecret I am so excited!..!!!!Thank you @monica.mitro@10magazine @johndavidpfeiffer and of course the wonderful, incredible @ed_razek + everyone on the team for making this dream come true again..
"I feel so crazy humbled to get the opportunity to be a part of this show again...Walking into the offices this year i felt so happy, healthy, and honored.. I can't wait for another incredible experience!!! Congrats to all of the beautiful ladies I will be walking beside. I can't wait! Xx (sic)."
Splash News13 Romee was all smiles in the Big Apple

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220


