Brits are VERY freaked out by the woman on the Trivago advert… for a hilarious reason
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/4327398/trivago-advert-woman-london-underground/
26th August 2017, 12:20 pm
THE British public have been left feeling freaked out by the Trivago advert - which is popping up all over the place in the capital.
Some baffled commuters have even joked that it feels like they're being followed along their daily routes.

Trivago have hit the nail on the head with their latest campaign - as social media users can't stop talking about it.
In the promotional image, a brunette woman stares straight towards the camera standing behind the hotel comparison website's search tool.
While the snap looks harmless enough at first glance, the number of these adverts springing up has made the advert a hot topic of discussion.
The British public have been sharing photos of the advertising epidemic online.
In some, rows of the simple campaign shot can be seen in the space of a few metres.
One Twitter user joked: "I see the @trivago woman more than I see my missus at the moment."
I mean, how many browser windows do you need open at once? pic.twitter.com/pAYhSRyD7y— Josh Spero (@joshspero) August 14, 2017


Why is this Trivago ad being shat around EVERYWHERE?! Counted 38 ads in about 100m. Feel like I'm being stalked by this woman. #advertising pic.twitter.com/c0BzIVBUhV— Jack Tanner (@jstanner43) August 18, 2017


Getting the tube at the moment is essentially a bad dream where you're constantly being followed by the woman from the Trivago advert.— John Holmes (@johnkholmes) August 23, 2017


Non-Londoners. Be grateful that a brunette woman in a Trivago advert isn't following your every move. I swear she's got my PIN number now.— Dan (@ThatConnArtist) August 16, 2017


Some have remarked that it's like being watched or followed around London.
One Brit tweeted: "The Trivago woman is everywhere. Staring into the very fabric of your soul."
Another agreed: "Getting the tube at the moment is essentially a bad dream where you're constantly being followed by the woman from the Trivago advert."
The Trivago woman is everywhere.Staring into the very fabric of your soul.https://t.co/wzAUkuLwvO— Vincent (@VinLew) August 24, 2017


I see the @trivago woman more than I see my missus at the moment pic.twitter.com/TrYmRir9il— George Cooper (@GeorgeTCooper) August 18, 2017


It's a shame the nice lady can't tell us why there's a picture of her instead of the destination pic.twitter.com/UAmqWrQ9RG— Robyn Frost (@robynhfrost) August 11, 2017


Most Read in ViralsTAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion X APPEAL Remember X Factor’s Craig Colton? This is what he looks like now PicturedBooty-full property Inside the mansion that was home to a lost treasure mystery… and it could be yours for £6million Trash talk The lowdown on fines for litter louts - which are set to DOUBLE to £150 PicturedMaga fail From deeply regrettable tattoos to public sex, shocking pictures show what boozy Brits are REALLY getting up to in Magaluf THIS COULD SAVE YOUR LIFE Here's everything you need to know if you want to live through a nuclear attack 
 
While the response may not have been what the hotel comparison website was intending, it certainly has raised their profile.
And they're not the only company whose advertising team has caused a stir.
A Kazakhstani travel company filmed an advert with naked flight attendants – and it backfired spectacularly.
And there was a sexism outrage after a Chinese Audi advert compared women to second hand cars.


