Diego Costa blasts Chelsea for pricing him out of dream return to Atletico Madrid
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4270998/diego-costa-blasts-chelsea-pricing-him-out-atletico-madrid/
18th August 2017, 12:02 pm
DIEGO COSTA has again blasted Chelsea for pricing him out of a dream return to Atletico Madrid.
In another explosive interview in Brazil, the exiled striker says the Blues are not treating him fairly as they hold out for more money.
PA:Press Association7 Diego Costa has again blasted Chelsea for pricing him out of a dream return to Atletico Madrid
Twitter@j_castelobranco7 Diego Costa gave another explosive interview to Brazilian journalist Joao Castelo-Branco
He told ESPN Brazil's Joao Castelo-Branco: "I've demonstrated I care for Atletico and have interest in playing for them.
"But if Atletico and Chelsea don't come to an agreement and Atletico don't make a big effort, I can't keep on wanting to play for a club that isn't going to make a bigger effort to try and sign me.
"I know that this [big effort] will happen, but if it's to pay the amount that Chelsea want it won't be possible.
"What I know is that this offer Chelsea will get is bigger than what they paid, so I've given them something back in all senses [sporting and financial]."
The Blues paid Atletico £32million for Costa in 2014 - with the striker scoring 59 goals in 120 games for Chelsea, helping them win two Premier League titles and the League Cup in three seasons.
As SunSport revealed this morning, Atletico Madrid are only willing to pay £30million for the striker - but the Blues want closer to £50m.
Latest Diego Costa newsExclusiveCUT-PRICE COSTA Chelsea could be forced into taking a £20m hit on Diego Costa with Atletico only willing to pay £30m to bring the Blues striker back to Madrid CommentNEIL ASHTON Diego Costa's potential exit leaves sour taste for Chelsea fans who worshipped him at Stamford Bridge LOAN ARRANGER Everton eye shock loan move for Diego Costa as Ronald Koeman refuses to rule out move GossipMad World Atletico Madrid willing to reimburse Diego Costa's Chelsea fines once they complete £40million move 
🚨 EXCLUSIVE OFFER: Premier League Top Goalscorer 🚨ROMELU LUKAKU has come in to 2/1 to finish as the Premier League top scorer.
The Belgian scored twice against West Ham on Sunday to put an immediate market down in the Golden Boot race.
Harry Kane, who has NEVER scored a goal in August, is 2/1.
And there is value to be had in Alexandre Lacazette.
He is 8/1 even after scoring on his debut against Leicester last week.
Sun Bets have a blinding special offer for top scorer.
If you bet £25 on any player to top the table at the end of the season, they'll give a £5 free bet for every game he scores in until October.
The offer is valid until midnight August 27 and is open to ALL customers.
BET £25 ON THE PREMIER LEAGUE TOP SCORER AND GET A FREE £5 BET FOR EVERY GAME HE SCORES IN



When asked whether he knew how much Chelsea want for him, Costa replied: "I don't know, but my agent said that Chelsea want something that Atletico can't get near.
"When we heard that [Antonio] Conte didn't want me anymore, my agent went to find out if there was interest from Atletico for me coming back. Of course for the warmth and respect that I earned there, they showed interest.
"But they wouldn't pay a fortune. Atletico is a team growing every year, a big team, but they can't pay an extraordinary amount."
News Group Newspapers Ltd7 Costa and Antonio Conte's relationship has broken down after the striker revealed a text message saying he had no future
Getty Images7 Costa is desperate to return to Atletico Madrid - and will not entertain a move anywhere else
After Costa revealed the text message that led to a breakdown in his relationship with Conte, the pair have barely been on speaking terms.
Costa never returned to training after being told he would have to train away from the first-team, with the reserves.
The 28-year-old has been training alone in his hometown of Lagarto, Brazil, racking up hefty fines.
Costa claims he has not been told if he may get a chance to return and play for the Blues.
"I'll be honest, I have my agent and none of that has reached me," he added.
"People at the club called me before [earlier in the summer] to give me extra holidays to not have contact with the manager.
"I was always meant to turn up with the group, but they were already saying that I'm going to have to come back and train with the reserves.
"I said that this was a lack of respect. We won the league and I haven't done anything so serious to deserve being treated in that way.

.7 Costa mocked Conte after appearing on Instagram in his old Atletico shirt
"It won't be the same as before [between him and Conte], and we don't know if the fight for the position will be fair.
"Because of me having exposed the [text] message I understand that he'll be annoyed, so if I go back I have to see if things would be clean, just and correct.
"That's how I like things. If I go back now I don't think it will be a fair situation. It won't be an honest fight for a position [in the team]."
Chelsea want to sell Costa to a Chinese Super League team, knowing he will draw a much higher transfer fee - especially with Atletico unable to play the striker until January because of the transfer ban.
But Costa again reiterated he only wants a move back to Spain.
Instagram @diegocosta7 Costa is refusing to return to Chelsea and is training alone in his hometown of Lagarto, Brazil
Getty - Contributor7 The striker claims he does not know where he stands with the club as he continues to rack up fines
"Chelsea have offered me to several clubs, but I was very clear with them," he added.
"I said that if I'm not part of the manager's plans, I would like to choose my destination.
"I'm not going to let them decide just to get more money.
"When I came to Chelsea they paid a lot less compared to what's being offered to them.
"I think they should take into account everything that I've done. It's not my fault that I'm not at the club.

"If it was down to me I'd be playing. It's already been one month. Holidays are good but it gets tiresome.
"I didn't provoke the situation, but now that it's come to this the club has to think in two ways.
"Of course they need to get something back [in a sporting sense], like I gave them on the pitch, but financial as well. After three years they will receive a fee higher than what they paid."

Keep up to date with all the latest news, gossip, rumours and done deals in SunSport's live transfer blog

MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 


