Mountain air and stunning lakes or white sand beaches and party bars? We put the French Pyrenees and Thailand’s Phuket head to head
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/4208672/french-pyrenees-thailands-phuket-head-to-head/
13th August 2017, 12:01 am
ARE you struggling to decide where to take your next break?
If a mountainous retreat sounds as appealing as all-night beach parties, let these two Fabulous writers help make your mind up.
THE FRENCH PYRENEES
4 CORNER7 The Pyrenees mountains rise higher than 3,400m
Features Writer Morgan Reardon explored France’s Pyrenees region.
Stretching more than 260 miles between France and Spain and rising higher than 3,400m, the Pyrenees mountains are breathtaking. So jump on a two-hour flight and swap sea for glacial lakes and sandy beaches for rolling green hills.
Stay Nestled at the foot of the Pyrenees in the picture-perfect village of Cauterets, Hotel Le Lion d’Or is run by four generations of the Lasserre family. It’s rustic and charming, decked out in warm wood and antiques. You’ll feel like one of the family with Nana Lasserre dishing up legume soup and locally caught trout with ratatouille, £20 for three courses. Double rooms start from £72 per night B&B.
Alamy7 One of the best things about France has got the be the cuisine
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands 
Explore Drive along the Tour de France route, taking in jaw-dropping views and cyclists braving the steep mountain paths. Stop off at Pic du Midi and grab a cable car from La Mongie to take you 2,877m to the top, £34 return.
Once you’ve snapped the 360° panorama, don your hiking boots and head to the Pyrenees National Park to walk among forests, rivers and waterfalls. The glacial waters at Gaube Lake are perfect for a refreshing dip. Animal lovers, check out the Pyrenees Animal Park to get up close with marmots and bears, £16 entry.
Shutterstock7 Love animals? Head to the Pyrenees Animal Park

Chill out After ultimate relaxation? Luzea spa in Luz-Saint-Sauveur is housed in a stunning neo-classical building with marble pillars and mosaic floors. It’s home to a water therapy area, Roman baths and suspended Jacuzzi. For an extra treat, indulge in a thermal spa, £31. Rich in sulphur, it will relax your muscles and leave your skin feeling baby-soft. Entry costs £16.
Refuel Do your taste buds a favour by booking dinner at L’Atelier. Try the lobster ravioli with saffron sauce, £14, and melt-in-your-mouth duck breast with grilled potatoes, £21. Just leave room for dessert – the lemon tart with a crumbly pastry base, £6, is a standout. If your hike to Gaube Lake leaves you peckish, grab an ice-cold pint and tuck into steak entrecôte with fries, £17, followed by chocolate sundae, £4, at Hôtellerie Brasserie.
Fabulous7 Fabulous' features writer Morgan Reardon tried white-water rafting
Don’t miss Les Gaves Sauvages offers white water rafting for adrenalin junkies and first-timers alike, from £27 for an hour.
FYI Return flights from the UK to Lourdes start from £41. Hire a car from £50 a day. Plan your trip at Tourism-occitania.co.uk.
THE THAI ISLAND
Getty Images7 There's more to Thai island Phuket than partying
Junior Writer Shannon Lawlor hit vibrant Phuket.
Thailand’s biggest island sits in the Andaman Sea. Perhaps best known for party town Patong’s raucous Bangla Road, venture a little further afield and you’ll find pinch-yourself beaches, seafood fit for royalty and historic streets so ornate you could get lost for days.
Stay Twenty minutes from the hustle and bustle lies glam eco hotel Dream Phuket Hotel & Spa, complete with a cabana-lined pool and rooms with private plunge pools. Book a Thai aroma massage in the Sanctuary spa, £45 for an hour, then come evening, head to Vu rooftop pool bar for a frozen margarita, £7. Free shuttle buses also run to its exclusive beach club – be sure to try the Sunday brunch, £22.50, a seafood feast that boasts an impressive selection of sashimi. After sunset, it’s all about nightclub Level One just upstairs. Double rooms start from £134 B&B.
Fabulous7 The Dream Hotel's main pool is Insta-perfect
Explore Take the free shuttle to Phuket’s old town to spend the day exploring its colourful Sino-Portuguese streets. Start on Thalang Road, packed with shops and stalls, then head to The Old Phuket Coffee Station for iced coffee served in jam jars, £1.80. Afterwards, go to Wat Mongkol Nimit temple to see the monks at work and the giant gold buddha (remember to cover up first as a mark of respect). Like historic architecture? Visit Chinpracha House, a 114-year-old mansion where the Chinese-European decor will leave you in awe, £3.50.
Work out If you’re a gym bunny, the experts at Sutai Muay Thai Boxing have trained some of the world’s best. Classes start from £10.
Fabulous7 Fabulous' junior writer Shannon Lawlor did Muay Thai
Refuel At all-round creative hub Project Artisan, lounge in a hammock while tucking into a coconut, blueberry and mango Danish, £1.50, and home-brewed craft beer, £5, then treat yourself to a gel mani-pedi, £30. Next door to Chinpracha House is authentic Blue Elephant – nothing will ever compare to its green curry with tiger prawns, £18. If you fancy getting hands-on, there’s even a cookery school.
Don’t Miss Hop aboard a boat trip to canoe through the caves of Phang Nga and walk the hills of James Bond Island (it was the backdrop to The Man With The Golden Gun), £85 including lunch and soft drinks.
FYI Flights from the UK to Phuket start from £350 return.
Still looking for more travel inspo? Check out why Texas' Austin needs to be on your hit list.

