Barcelona transfer news: Former Tottenham flop Paulinho signs for Barca in £36.5million deal from Guangzhou Evergrande
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4228995/barcelona-sign-paulinho-guangzhou-evergrande/
12th August 2017, 6:28 pm
BARCELONA have completed the signing of former Tottenham flop Paulinho from Guangzhou Evergrande.
The 29-year-old is believed to have moved for a fee of £36.5million as he swaps the Chinese Super League for La Liga.
Rex Features5 Paulinho signs for Barcelona from Chinese Super League side Guangzhou Evergrande
Getty - Contributor5 The 29-year-old flopped at Tottenham, but re-invented himself in China
It was revealed yesterday that Paulinho would be Barca's first signing since selling Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain for a world-record fee of £198m.

NOT PICKED YOUR FANTASY FOOTBALL TEAM YET? WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?

Ernesto Valverde has been tracking the Brazilian midfielder all summer, where they saw an offer of £17.5m knocked back.
According to the Daily Mail, the Copa del Rey champions have finally secured his services as he returns to Europe after leaving in 2015.
Last week SunSport reported that the Catalan club were in 'advanced negotiations' to bring the former Corinthians man to the Nou Camp.
Speaking to Mundo Deportivo back in July, Paulinho said: "It is a unique opportunity for me to be able to play for Barcelona, the best team in the world and surrounded by the best players.
"I have to talk to my president, since I got the proposal I have not stopped thinking about it and I am waiting for everything to be resolved this week."
Reuters5 The Brazilian midfielder is reported to have completed his move to Barca in a deal worth up to £36.5m
LATEST BARCELONA TRANSFER NEWSGossipMANE IN DEMAND Real Madrid join Spanish rivals Barcelona in race to land Dortmund's Ousmane Dembele Live BlogDEADLINE DAY LIVE Everton get Mangala loan done as transfers filter through after deadline GossipIVAN-T HIM Barcelona will join Man Utd in race for Ivan Perisic if they fail to land Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele paul the other one Barcelona set to sign first player from £198m Neymar windfall - ex-Spurs midfield flop Paulinho GossipHe's our mane Barcelona to make improved £110m bid for Borussia Dortmund star Ousmane Dembele TOT TO GOT Barcelona will turn attentions to Spurs star Christian Eriksen with if they fail to land Philippe Coutinho 
AFP or licensors5 Paulinho left Europe in 2015 after he left Spurs after just two seasons
The Chinese club were reluctant to sell their prized asset, and even proposed shipping him off next January - which was completely rebuffed by Barca.
Since leaving Spurs in 2015 after just two years at White Hart Lane - he was sold to Evergrande for just £10m.
He re-invented himself in the Far East under the guidance of former Brazilian national team manger Luiz Felipe Scolari.
Paulinho won back-to-back league titles with the Southern China Tigers, as well as capturing the coveted AFC Champions League crown.
His startling form earned him a recall for the national side, where he netted against Argentina in a 2018 World Cup qualifier, and also grabbed a hat-trick against Uruguay in a 4-1 rout.


EPA5 The former Corinthians ace has been an influential member of the Chinese Super League side where he has helped them to back-to-back titles
It is the first piece of business the Spanish outfit have carried out since losing Neymar to PSG.
They remain locked in talks to sign Philippe Coutinho from Liverpool who has handed in a transfer request to leave Anfield.
While they are set to offer Borussia Dortmund £110m for Ousmane Dembele, with the winger looking likely to leave Germany after being fined and suspended for skipping training.
However, should they fail to bring in either player, they will turn to Manchester United target Ivan Perisic.
Inter Milan are believed to be holding out for £50m - a significantly cheaper alternative to Coutinho and Dembele.

Keep up to date with ALL the latest transfer news and speculation with our live transfer feed

Have you signed up to play fantasy football yet?
If the answer is no you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.
Because the Dream Team game – the UK’s biggest fantasy football game – is back and better than ever this season.
You’ve got a £50m budget to pick 11 players, with all the biggest new signings ready and raring to go for the mouthwatering new Premier League campaign.
So what are you waiting for? Sign up to play now!

