We’re crushing hard on a unicorn bag, mermaid skirt and iridescent wine glasses
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/8575098/lust-list-unicorn-bag-mermaid-skirt-iridescent-wine-glasses/
10th March 2019, 12:01 am
SPRING has officially sprung and what better way to celebrate than with a whole host of dreamy accessories, beauty products and homeware to lust over?
From romantic scents to the ultimate nude lipstick, you'll be spoilt for choice over this lot.
Wilfried Haubenberger10 Eye spy with my little eye one showstopper of a mirror

Mirror, £18, Asos - buy now

Wilfried Haubenberger10 Nude lipstick will never go out of fashion. We’re crushing hard on this one from Origins



Origins Blooming Bold Lipstick in Nude Blossom, £18.50, Origins - buy now



 
Wilfried Haubenberger10 Show your sofa or bed some love by adding this cushion to it

Cushion, £25, River Island - buy now

Wilfried Haubenberger10 Drinking gin (or any drink for that matter) will look super-stylish in these iridescent glasses
 

Beachbody Infuse Crossover Women's Training Bra, £43, activinstinct.co.uk - buy now

10

Glasses, £33 for two, LSA International

Wilfried Haubenberger10 Chocolate shaped like biscuits… what more do we need to say?

Chocolates, £12, Choc On Choc - buy now

Wilfried Haubenberger10 This is the rainbow bag of pastel dreams. Perfect for any summer wedding or the races

Bag, £199, Kurt Geiger - buy now

Wilfried Haubenberger10 Step into spring with this striped wrap-around skirt

Skirt, £28, Glamorous

Wilfried Haubenberger10 Add the newest Calvin Klein scent to your perfume tray – it will look smell ace!

Calvin Klein Women, £44.95 for 50ml EDP, John Lewis - buy now

Wilfried Haubenberger10 Perfect the bronze goddess or brown smokey eye look with all the shades from this palette

Lime Crime Venus XL II eyeshadow palette, £56, Look Fantastic - buy now

MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit 
Earlier this week, we told you the world’s biggest Primark opens in April with THREE restaurants and a beauty studio where you can get your nails done.
We also revealed a giant LLAMA float is set to be this summer’s must-have pool accessory.
And we showed you shoppers are mocking ASOS’s matching his and hers high-vis hoodies which make you look like ‘you’re working on roadworks’.
Chinese artist transforms herself into Taylor Swift using nothing but cosmetics

