Burnley boss Sean Dyche to launch £15million bid for Leeds striker Chris Wood this weekend
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4224110/burnley-boss-sean-dyche-to-launch-15million-bid-for-leeds-striker-chris-wood-this-weekend/
11th August 2017, 4:05 pm
BURNLEY boss Sean Dyche will launch a £15million bid this weekend to sign Leeds United’s prolific striker Chris Wood.
The Clarets' manager has made signing Wood his top priority and wants the powerhouse striker to replace Andre Gray.
Rex Features5 Wood is wanted by Burnley to fill the hole left by Andre Gray's move to Watford
Reuters5 The Leeds hitman was on target against Bolton last weekend
Former Brentford hitman Gray has joined Watford for £18million.

NOT PICKED YOUR FANTASY FOOTBALL TEAM YET? WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?

Dyche intends to use the bulk of that windfall to prise Wood away from Elland Road.
The Kiwi international has become a cult figure with fans since his £3m signing from Leicester City in July 2015.
Wood, 25, is one of the hottest properties in the Championship after smashing in 27 goals last season to top the division’s scoring charts.
Leeds’ Danish boss Thomas Christiansen would hate to lose his iconic goal-scorer who has become the main focal point for his team.
Wood scored in Leeds United’s 3-2 opening day win at Bolton last week.
PREMIER LEAGUE TRANSFER NEWSFan's viewIt takes two to tango Arsenal are still two signings short of challenging for the Prem... but must break out of transfer cycle Conte your losses Antonio Conte won't improve £15m Danny Drinkwater bid leaving Foxes star with uncertain future GossipWorth a Jota Newcastle and West Ham battling it out for Brentford's Spanish midfielder Jota before window closes WILL KENT BE LENT? Liverpool starlet Ryan Kent signs new five-year deal and is set to be loaned out again this season Red alert Philippe Coutinho sensationally emails in a transfer request... just hours after Liverpool insist star will NOT be sold LET'S NICK NIC Burnley make £12m bid for Lille striker Nicolas de Preville to replace Watford-bound ace Andre Gray 
But the 25-year-old is ambitious and will be keen to prove he can continue to score freely in the Premier League, after failing to make an impact with Leicester.
SunSport understands Christiansen has already made moves to find a replacement striker for Wood, after fearing a Premier League raid for his fearsome frontman.

Leeds have already signed 23-year-old hitman Caleb Ekuban from Chievo Verona and Spanish striker Samuel Saiz Alonso from Huesca this summer.
If Leeds decide to do business with Burnley, Christiansen would push ahead with attempts to sign Hamburg striker Pierre-Michel Lasogga.
He has been described as a German version of Wood.
Reuters5 Burnley boss Sean Dyche needs to beef up his attack
Rex Features5 Wood was top scorer in the Championship last season
AFP or licensors5 Lille striker Nicolas de Preville is also on Dyche's radar
The 25-year-old powerhouse has won 11 caps for Germany’s Under-21s and was called up to the German senior squad but never made it on to the pitch against Chile in 2014.
As it is Burnley will have some hard work to convince Leeds owner Andrea Radrizzani to part with his most popular player, who was Leeds’ Player of the Year last season.
Leeds have already fought off Chinese interest in Woods from Tianjin Quanjian. But the Premier League is a different ball game.
Southampton, Swansea, Brighton and Stoke have all been monitoring Wood.

But Dyche’s Burnley have stolen a march on them and hope to push through a deal in the next few days.
If not, they could fall back on Lille forward Nicolas de Preville.
Fourteen goals in 30 games last season caught Dyche's eye and he might launch a £12m bid.
Have you signed up to play fantasy football yet?
If the answer is no you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.


Because the Dream Team game – the UK’s biggest fantasy football game – is back and better than ever this season.

Keep up to date with all the latest news, gossip, rumours and done deals in SunSport’s live transfer blog

You’ve got a £50m budget to pick 11 players, with all the biggest new signings ready and raring to go ahead of a mouthwatering new Premier League campaign.



