Sven Goran Eriksson set to take over at Egyptian club Zamalek after recent sacking in China
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4215117/sven-goran-eriksson-set-to-take-over-at-egyptian-club-zamalek-after-recent-sacking-in-china/
10th August 2017, 3:53 pm

FORMER England boss Sven Goran Eriksson is set to take charge of Egyptian club Zamalek.
The 69-year-old Swede was sacked by Chinese club Shenzen in June.
Getty - Contributor4
Sven Goran Erikssen signed on with Shenzen in December...and was gone in June
Getty - Contributor4 Now he looks destined to manage Egyptian club Zamalek
According to KingFut news outlet Cairo giants Zamalek have now made an approach for the 69-year-old.

NOT PICKED YOUR FANTASY FOOTBALL TEAM YET? WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?

Eriksson ended a five-year spell as Three Lions coach in 2006. He has since managed Manchester City and Leicester.
He said: "My agent told me that someone from Zamalek contacted him, and told him about the club's interest in signing me.
"Egypt is a great country, and Zamalek is a well-known club.
"We will have another phone call with an official from the club to speak about the offer."
Zamalek have turned to Eriksson after sacking Portuguese coach Augusto Inacio earlier this month.
They have won 12 league titles and 25 Egyptian Cups, but have recently been overshadowed by arch rivals Al Ahly.



Eriksson landed himself a three-year mega bucks deal with Shenzen in December but lasted only seven months.
His original contract was reported to be worth £4million.
Dave Pinegar - The Sun4 Eriksson managed Leicester City...
AP:Associated Press4 ...and also Manchester City
That job came just weeks after backed by Shanghai SIPG after their chairman Chen Xuyuan was furious with third place in the Chinese Super League.

Keep up to date with all the latest news, gossip, rumours and done deals in SunSport’s live transfer blog

They finished 12 points behind champs Guangzhou Evergrande.


Have you signed up to play fantasy football yet?
If the answer is no you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.
Because the Dream Team game – the UK’s biggest fantasy football game – is back and better than ever this season.

Keep up to date with all the latest news, gossip, rumours and done deals in SunSport’s live transfer blog

You’ve got a £50m budget to pick 11 players, with all the biggest new signings ready and raring to go ahead of a mouthwatering new Premier League campaign.
So what are you waiting for? Sign up to play now!








