Aston Villa transfer news: Jordan Amavi undergoes Marseille medical with Leandro Bacuna also on verge of move
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4214806/aston-villa-transfer-news-jordan-amavi-leandro-bacuna/
10th August 2017, 2:46 pm
STEVE BRUCE has confirmed Jordan Amavi and Leandro Bacuna are set to leave Aston Villa.
Amavi is undergoing a medical at Marseille after Villa agreed a fee with the Ligue 1 side.
Getty5 Jordan Amavi is set to leave Villa for Marseille
Rex Features5 Leandro Bacuna is also on his way out of Villa Park
Bacuna is inching closer to a move to a Championship club - with Villa having previously rejected a bid from Reading.

NOT PICKED YOUR FANTASY FOOTBALL TEAM YET? WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?

Frenchman Amavi was on Liverpool's radar with Villa having snubbed a £25million bid from a Chinese club last season.
But they will now bank considerably less for the left-back they signed from Nice for £7.7m in the summer of 2015.
Villa may have agreed an initial loan deal with Marseille, who would then pay the full fee next summer.
Bacuna is unlikely to be missed at Villa Park, with fans having booed off the wasteful winger during their opening-day draw with Hull.
The Dutch-born Curacao international is likely to leave for a fee of around £2m, after joining from Groningen for around £3m in 2013.

Reuters5 Steve Bruce has confirmed Amavi and Bacuna are on the verge of leaving Villa
Rex Features5 Dr Tony Xia has told Steve Bruce he must sell at Villa
Bruce said: "We've agreed a fee with Marseille (for Amavi).
"There's a Championship club after Bacuna, that looks close to being over the line too."
The Villa boss is trying to trim the fat from his squad after the club splurged an incredible £78.5m in the Championship last season.
And owner Dr Tony Xia has told Bruce that he will have to rein in his spending this season for the club to avoid financial fair play sanctions.
The club have been linked with a move for West Ham winger Robert Snodgrass.
Getty Images - Getty5 West Ham winger Robert Snodgrass is reportedly a Villa target
Have you signed up to play fantasy football yet?
If the answer is no you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.
Because the Dream Team game – the UK’s biggest fantasy football game – is back and better than ever this season.
You’ve got a £50m budget to pick 11 players, with all the biggest new signings ready and raring to go ahead of a mouthwatering new Premier League campaign.
So what are you waiting for? Sign up to play now!

 

