Chinese Super League team Guangzhou R&F re-paint stadium GOLD in a bid to get out of horrendous slump in form
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4214159/chinese-super-league-guangzhou-stadium-gold/
10th August 2017, 12:58 pm
A SUPERSTITIOUS top-tier Chinese team repainted their whole stadium gold... to bring better luck.
Guangzhou R&F had been on a dismal run of form when they made the radical move.
AFP4 Guangzhou R&F have re-painted their stadium gold in a bid to improve their form
AFP4 The CSL side previously had an all-blue stadium, winning just once in four months
But it clearly paid off, as this week they celebrated a FIFTH big home win on the bounce.
NOT PICKED YOUR FANTASY FOOTBALL TEAM YET? WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
Last month, Guangzhou R&F took the drastic action, believing gold made for better feng shui than blue.
That is despite the fact that it is the colour of the Chinese Super League club's strip, badge and originally its home ground too.
It followed a rotten sequence of just one home win in four months.
But since painstakingly repainting their 20,000-capacity Yuexiushan Stadium in mid-July, the team in southern China have seen their fortunes dramatically reverse.

Rex Features4 Guangzhou R&F boss Dragan Stojkovic has seen a dramatic upturn in form
MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 

On Wednesday they beat Fabio Capello's big-spending Jiangsu Suning 4-2 at home to climb to third in the CSL and make it four home wins on the trot, scoring 18 goals in the process.
They also beat city rivals Guangzhou Evergrande in a home cup game.
R&F coach Dragan Stojkovic told the club website: "After we changed the colour of our home stadium we got five wins and a high goal-scoring rate as well.
"I think this is what the fans want to see... beautiful offensive football."
Rex Features4 Guangzhou R&F still play in blue and white, despite the stadium colour switch
The former Serbian international added: "The gold colour of our home stadium is pretty nice, no need to change it now."
The philosophy of feng shui - literally meaning "wind-water" - is influential in many parts of Asia.
Using the philosophy, people carefully position items in offices and homes to maximise luck and wealth.
Now it would seem it's snuck into the footballing world too...

Keep up to date with ALL the football news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary.


Have you signed up to play fantasy football yet?
If the answer is no you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.
Because the Dream Team game – the UK’s biggest fantasy football game – is back and better than ever this season.
You’ve got a £50m budget to pick 11 players, with all the biggest new signings ready and raring to go ahead of a mouthwatering new Premier League campaign.
So what are you waiting for? Sign up to play now!

