Manchester United owners to sell less than two per cent of club shares for £56.04million on New York Stock Exchange
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4211407/manchester-united-shares/
10th August 2017, 8:38 am
MANCHESTER UNITED'S owners are set to flog less than two per cent of shares in the club — but still earn £56.04million.
The Glazer family are making the deal on the New York Stock Exhange and is expected to be completed next Tuesday.
PA:Press Association5 The Glazer family are ready to sell around two per cent of their shares in Manchester United
Rex Features5 Joel Glazer and his family are set to make over £50million from the sale
And that will mean the ratio of shares floated on the US market would be just above 20 per cent.

NOT PICKED YOUR FANTASY FOOTBALL TEAM YET? WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?

United will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares which have limited voting rights.
Based on Wednesday's share prices, one is worth £13.19.
American billionaires the Glazers bought United in a £790million deal back in 2005 with the family selling ten per cent via a stock listing in 2012.
The Sunday Times were reporting that a mystery Chinese buyer was interested in purchasing a stake in the Premier League giants.
Negotiators claiming to act for a billionaire Asian investor have contacted some of United’s independent shareholders in recent weeks.
Latest Manchester United transfer newsExclusiveBALE PLEA Jose Mourinho urges his Manchester United bosses to bid £100m for Real Madrid superstar Gareth Bale Devilish move Willian reveals he held talks with Man Utd over move as Jose Mourinho tried to seal another reunion GossipBarca Blues Antonio Conte demands Chelsea back him in move for Sergi Roberto as boss hunts Nemanja Matic replacement The Premier League is coming As the top flight's 20 clubs prepare to do battle in their quests for glory and survival, we reveal all you need to know about what could be the most epic season ever Israel Keane on Roy Israel considering shock move to land former Man United star Roy Keane as next boss FeaturePUT IT ALL ON RED Man United are the punters' favourites to win the Premier League… with Arsenal again missing top four based on total bets placed 
Handout - Getty5 Manchester United shares have been floated on the New York Stock Exchange for five years
Their mission was to persuade shareholders to hand over, say, an eight per cent holding in the Premier League giants.
There have been persistent rumours that some members of the Glazer family – who control some 80 per cent of the club  – are ready to relinquish a big chunk of shares.
In any event, there is little chance that they will sell up lock, stock and barrel.

EPA5 A Chinese investor is reportedly interested in buying shares in Manchester United
Rex Features5 Jose Mourinho will not receive any proceeds of a sale for buying new players
Especially as United is considered a trophy asset by Joel and Azram Glazer, who are co-chairmen.
Bryan Glazer is said to want to keep his stake, but Edward, Kevin and Darcie Glazer might be interested in stepping down.

Keep up to date with ALL the latest transfer news and speculation with our live transfer feed

Have you signed up to play fantasy football yet?
If the answer is no you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.
Because the Dream Team game – the UK’s biggest fantasy football game – is back and better than ever this season.
You’ve got a £50m budget to pick 11 players, with all the biggest new signings ready and raring to go ahead of a mouthwatering new Premier League campaign.
So what are you waiting for? Sign up to play now!


