Crystal Palace owner Steve Parish hits back at claims suggesting Tony Adams has struck £200million deal to buy club
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4198970/crystal-palace-steve-parish-tony-adams/
8th August 2017, 3:27 pm
CRYSTAL PALACE owner Steve Parish has hit back at claims suggesting Tony Adams has struck a £200million deal to buy the club.
On Monday night, it was reported the former Arsenal legend - along with ex-IMG man Paul Smith - secured the backing of European investors for the proposed takeover.
News Group Newspapers Ltd4 Steve Parish has hit back at claims suggested Tony Adams was set to launch a £200million bid to buy Crystal Palace, calling it a "complete fabrication"
PA:Press Association4 Steve Parish has been the owner of Crystal Palace since 2010
However, Parish responded swiftly to refute the claims, calling them a "complete fabrication".
Eagles chief Parish said: "This story is complete fabrication.
"We have never spoken to any consortium about selling the club.
"The only time I have met Tony Adams was for ten seconds after an Arsenal game."
Adams, who endured a nightmare time as Granada boss in La Liga last season, previously held talks with Aston Villa and Sunderland.
For a moment it looked like he and Smith had been successful at the Selhurst Park club, managed by Frank De Boer.

Getty4 Reports had spread that Tony Adams was hoping to buy Crystal Palace
MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 

Rex Features4 Steve Parish has laughed off suggestions he would sell the club
Adams had previously been linked with Chinese businessman Jiang Lizhang, the owner of Link International Sports.
Lizhang bought Granada last summer and installed Adams as boss in April for his ill-fated spell, in which he lost all seven games.
American investors Josh Harris and David Blitzer struck a deal to each take an 18 per cent share of the Eagles in December 2015.
That resulted in a £50m cash injection, report the Star.


Keep up to date with ALL the football news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary.

Have you signed up to play fantasy football yet?
If the answer is no you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.
Because the Dream Team game – the UK’s biggest fantasy football game – is back and better than ever this season.
You’ve got a £50m budget to pick 11 players, with all the biggest new signings ready and raring to go ahead of a mouthwatering new Premier League campaign.
So what are you waiting for? Sign up to play now!

