Arsenal hero Tony Adams ‘strikes £200million agreement to buy Crystal Palace’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4193840/arsenal-legend-tony-adams-200m-crystal-palace-takeover/
8th August 2017, 11:17 am
TONY ADAMS has struck a £200million agreement to buy Crystal Palace, according to reports.
The Daily Star claim the Arsenal and England legend along with ex-IMG and Chelsea Paul Smith have secured the backing of European investors for the proposed takeover.
AFP4 Tony Adams has reportedly struck a deal to buy Crystal Palace
Getty Images4 Reports claim Tony Adams has received the backing to buy Crystal Palace
Adams, who endured a nightmare time as Granada boss in La Liga last season, previously held talks with Aston Villa and Sunderland.
And now it looks like the pair have been successful at the Selhurst Park club, where Frank de Boer is manager.
Adams had previously been linked with Chinese businessman Jiang Lizhang, the owner of Link International Sports, report the Star.
Lizhang bought Granada last summer and installed Adams as boss in April for his ill-fated spell, in which he lost all seven games.
American investors Josh Harris and David Blitzer struck a deal to each take an 18 per cent share of the Eagles in December 2015.
That resulted in a £50m cash injection, report the Star.


Reuters4 Tony Adams is looking to bounce back after his horror spell in charge of Granada
Rex Features4 Frank de Boer is Crystal Palace's manager for the new Premier League season
And they go onto say that that deal also saw chairman Steve Parish reduce his stake to 18 per cent.
Moreover, co-owners Steve Browett, Martin Long and Jeremy Hosking limited their shares too.

Have you signed up to play fantasy football yet?
If the answer is no you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.
Because the Dream Team game – the UK’s biggest fantasy football game – is back and better than ever this season.
You’ve got a £50m budget to pick 11 players, with all the biggest new signings ready and raring to go ahead of a mouthwatering new Premier League campaign.
So what are you waiting for? Sign up to play now!
Most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 

