Chelsea apologise to China after social media posts sent by Brazilian Kenedy during club’s pre-season tour
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/4079495/chelsea-kenedy-china-apology/
25th July 2017, 5:53 pm
CHELSEA have issued a grovelling apology in Chinese after Instagram posts sent by Brazilian winger Kenedy during pre-season tour caused offence.
The Blues claim the player has been "strongly reprimanded and disciplined" for posts that have now been deleted from social media.
Getty Images4 Kenedy has been disciplined by Chelsea for a string of offensive posts
Array4 One post was crudely captioned in a detrimental manner to China
Kenedy reportedly posted a series of images with the captions "f***ing China" and "wake up China you idiot", in reference to a sleeping security guard.
He did apologise, saying: "Hello my friends, just wanna say sorry if someone was sad because I used the expression “porra”, was no racism, just an expression…big hug."
But it clearly didn't work, as fans out in China booed Kenedy as he warmed-up for the 3-0 win over Arsenal in Beijing.
The club said in a statement: "On July 22nd, Chelsea Football Club experienced the warmth and friendliness of Chinese fans at the National Stadium.
"However, we were surprised and disappointed that one day prior to the match, one of our young players, Kenedy, posted messages on his social media account that caused great offence and hurt the feelings of the people of China.
"Unfortunately, even though he quickly deleted the messages and apologised, and the club also apologised via our Chinese social media channels, the damage had already been done.

AP:Associated Press4 Kenedy apologised but was not well-received in China for his abuse
MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 

"Chelsea Football Club once again solemnly and sincerely apologises.
"Kenedy’s actions were a mistake that he will learn greatly from.
"His behaviour does not represent the entire team and does not align with the club’s high expectations and strict requirements of its young players.
"He has been strongly reprimanded and disciplined.
"Everyone at Chelsea Football Club has the utmost respect and admiration for China and loves our Chinese fans.
"It is because of this that the negative impact we have seen over the last two days has left us shocked and saddened.
Getty Images4 Chelsea say they have disciplined Kenedy for the now-deleted posts
"Once again, we sincerely apologise for the hurt caused to our Chinese fans as well as to the Chinese people.
"The match was a great cultural exchange event between China and Britain and the club is extremely grateful to China for its hospitality, which has brought us closer together in friendship.
"We very much hope to build on our strong relationship with our Chinese fans and friends, joining hands firmly with China in future for further cooperation.
What will Chelsea new boy Alvaro Morata bring to fantasy football?

15 goals and four assists from just 14 La Liga starts last season
20 goals in all competitions
WhoScored rating of 7.17 - better than Sergio Ramos and and Karim Benzema
Fancy him to shine this season? Sign up to get him in your Dream Team now


"We offer this apology with utmost sincerity.
"We have listened carefully to the criticism and will use the lessons learnt over the last two days to improve our processes in future."
Kenedy isn't the first player to land in hot water in China, after Ezequiel Lavezzi's gesture got him into a spot of bother.


Keep up to date with ALL the football news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary.


