Adam Johnson’s ex aborted their second child after he lied about sexually assaulting girl, 15
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8601038/adam-johnson-stacey-flounders-paedophile-ruined-life/
9th March 2019, 10:34 pm
PERVERT footballer Adam Johnson’s partner today reveals how he lied to her for a year about sexually assaulting a girl of 15.
Stacey Flounders, 29, mum of his baby girl, tells how she was so disgusted after his arrest that she aborted their second child.
Dan Charity - The Sun16 Stacey Flounders, the former girlfriend of Adam Johnson has revealed how the paedophile footballer ruined her life
North News and Pictures16 Stacey was so disgusted to finally learn the truth about her boyfriend, she aborted their second child
 
Dan Charity - The Sun16 Stacey said learning about her boyfriend's crimes destroyed her
She said: “I couldn’t bring another baby into the world. It destroyed me.”
The England and Sunderland winger convinced Stacey, mother of his baby daughter Ayla, he had merely kissed the girl fan, not realising how young she was.
But at his trial she learned he was not only fully aware the girl was under age — but had groomed her and engaged in “sexual touching”.
Stacey, 29, was so crushed by the transformation of Johnson from dream partner to sexual predator that when she later learned she was pregnant with his second child she felt compelled to have an abortion.
She said: “I heard everything that day in court for the first time after being kept in the dark for a year.
“I realised who Adam really was — an arrogant man who lied and lied to me. It destroyed me.
“He knew her age. He’d sent her hundreds of messages. He’d message her, then me, then someone else. Then there’d be another message from me to him asking when he was coming home. It was horrific.
“When his messages were read out I felt sick, I wanted to get up and punch him but I tried not to react because everybody was watching.
“He’d humiliated me. We’d never done magazine interviews, never been that kind of couple. But suddenly everyone knew my life.”
Stacey refused to speak to Johnson at Bradford crown court or ­during the drive home afterwards.
But when they arrived Stacey told him the relationship was over.
She revealed: “I said, ‘I’m not standing by you anymore. I’m moving out’. He said, ‘I’m sorry, I’m stupid. I didn’t know what I was doing’. But I couldn’t believe a word he said.”
After Johnson’s arrest Stacey discovered she was six weeks pregnant.
I knew I couldn’t bring another baby into the world.Stacey Flounders
She said: “We wanted more children. All I’d ever wanted was a normal family, a couple of kids.
“But it was all falling apart and the baby would have been due around the time of his court case.
“I knew I couldn’t bring another baby into the world, everything was a mess. I never thought I could have an abortion. Neither of us wanted to but we agreed it was for the best.
“It was heartbreaking but I felt I had no choice.”
Johnson, 31, sentenced in March 2016 to six years jail, is due to be released this month.
At trial he admitted kissing and grooming the girl. The jury found him guilty of sexual touching but not guilty of another sexual act.
Stacey had met Johnson five years earlier when he was a Manchester City player.
She fell for the charming, well-mannered sportsman — who seemed the polar opposite of the stereotypical image of the loutish, over-paid, womanising footballer.
But after he moved to Sunderland in 2012 his personality changed. He started going out drinking with team-mates, leaving pregnant Stacey at home. He began coming home late — on one occasion returning with lipstick on his shirt.
But although Stacey worried he was cheating she did not suspect the depths to which he had sunk.
Then one morning police turned up at their £1.85million mansion, Tollgate Lodge in Co Durham.
Stacey, sobbing as she recalled the moment, said: “The officer said he wanted to speak with me. I thought I’d been caught speeding.
Dan Charity - The Sun16 Stacey said after Adam moved to Sunderland in 2012 his personality changed
Dan Charity - The Sun16 Stacey met Johnson when he was a Manchester City player and fell for his charm and good manners
 
PA:Press Association16 Johnson, 31, sentenced in March 2016 to six years jail, is due to be released this month
Dan Charity - The Sun16 Stacey said she felt sick when Johnson's messages to the young girl were read out in court
“I pulled on a dressing gown and rushed to the door. Then he said he really wanted to speak to Adam.
“I’ll never forget seeing Adam at the top of the stairs. He went white with fear. Adam asked, ‘Is it about the girl in the shirt?’ They replied, ‘Why did you say that?’”
As £60,000-a-week Johnson was questioned alone, officers searched the home. Stacey said: “Before Adam was taken away he said to me, ‘It was a fan, I’ve only given her a shirt’.
“I kept asking, ‘What is he being done for?’ I had no idea.”
When the officers left Stacey rushed straight to the home of Johnson’s parents, who were looking after seven-week-old Ayla.
At 11pm Johnson returned. The normally unemotional footballer broke down. As he sobbed he admitted a string of infidelities.
Stacey said: “He finally admitted at least a dozen women.
“He said he didn’t know why he’d done it. Adam told me about the girl. I knew who she was. She would always be in the players’ car park after a game.
“She’d always ask for a picture with Adam. She was there so often I noticed when she wasn’t.
“She’d even messaged me on Twitter when I posted a picture of Ayla. Adam said, ‘I thought she was 16’. He said he’d given her a signed shirt and they’d had a kiss, nothing more. I believed him. She looked about 21.”
In fact Johnson had known her age all along. He first met her when she was 14 outside Sunderland’s training ground.
She posed for a photo with him which her parents used on a cake to celebrate her 15th birthday.
 I just believed what he told me.Stacey Flounders
A few days before New Year’s Eve 2014, while Stacey was heavily pregnant with Ayla, the girl sent Johnson a Facebook friend request.
He accepted and sent her his mobile number.
They then exchanged more than 800 WhatsApp messages. He asked if she was in the last year of school and she admitted she was in Year 10 and too young to go out. They met on January 17, when Ayla was nine days old, behind a Chinese takeaway.
The girl got into his £80,000 Ranger Rover Sport.
He gave her a signed shirt before dropping her off.
Flirty messages continued and when they met again sexual activity took place. Four days later Johnson researched “age of consent” online.
After Johnson’s arrest Stacey stood by him. She said: “I didn’t go to the legal meetings with Adam, I just believed what he told me.
“He was still playing for Sunderland, mixing with fans after the game. We were still being invited to club events, so it didn’t seem serious. I never heard from Sunderland, not once, but they were supportive to Adam.
“He promised he’d stop cheating. We returned to being a family. We shared a bed, our love life returned.”
But the horrors revealed as she sat in court made her realise Johnson had shattered her dream of the perfect family life.
He was revealed as a sex addict who regularly met women after training sessions.
He saw the schoolgirl as “just another opportunity, the court was told. Stacey said: “I only went for one day in court and realised it was so serious.
“I rented a house and moved out. The day I left Adam was laid on the sofa. He was depressed. I felt sorry for him — then remembered what he had done.”
But days later Johnson’s legal team contacted Stacey asking for her help with his defence.
His young victim, giving evidence relating to the sexual activity charge on which Johnson was eventually cleared, described him having shaved his pubic hair.
Stacey said: “He’d never done that. It was untrue so I was prepared to stand up in court and say that. A lot of people judged me but we have a daughter and one day I have to explain my actions to her. I told the truth for her.”
Stacey said having to give evidence was “horrendous”.
MOST READ IN UK NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
She added: “It felt like the worst day of my life. But every day was a new worst day for me.”
Stacey was also with Johnson and his family the night before his sentencing — helping him make videos for Ayla to watch on the birthdays he would miss.
She said: “It was very emotional. He told her he loved her. He knew he was going to prison. The following morning he said goodbye to Ayla and whispered, ‘I’m sorry’.”
Reuters16 After they arrived home from court Stacey told him the relationship was over
16 During the trial Johnson was revealed as a sex addict who regularly met women after training sessions
Dan Charity - The Sun16 Stacey said having to give evidence in court was 'horrendous'
Dan Charity - The Sun16 Stacey said the day she had to give evidence at the trial was the worst of her life
Dan Charity - The Sun16 Later Adam was revealed as a sex addict who regularly met women after training sessions
Getty Images - Getty16 Stacey says Sunderland were supportive to Adam but she didn't hear from them once
A charmer, then cruelBy Jane Atkinson
STACEY was introduced to then-Manchester City ace Johnson in a pub in 2011.
She was a PA for her dad’s firm in Norway and had saved for a three-bed pad in her home town of Hartlepool.
At the time she recalls Johnson as “charming, clean-cut and down to earth”.
On their first date he drove her in his sports car to a £3.5million home in Alderley Edge, Cheshire, that he and two pals rented off ex-Man United star Cristiano Ronaldo.
Stacey said: “It was exciting. We shared a bed but just kissed and cuddled.
“I loved we were both from the North East. It became serious quickly. I’m shy but he was confident. He could chat to people. He was interested and interesting.”
The pair enjoyed cosy nights in watching X Factor and ordering takeaways, but also liked socialising with other City stars’ families.
Stacey said of one jaunt to Tenerife: “I realised there Adam was everything I’d ever wanted. I felt loved, secure and protected.
“I could never have imagined he’d do what he did.”
He gave her a diamond ring on their first Valentine’s Day. In 2012 he signed for Sunderland and they moved to a mansion near his parents.
She said: “One day I came home to a gorgeous mini poodle. We called her Bella.
“Adam got me a new car, shoes or bags. I didn’t like him because he was a footballer though. I just properly adored Adam, being at home together doing nothing.”
Two months after a miscarriage Stacey fell pregnant with Ayla. She said: “I wanted to get married, but he’d say, ‘Having children is more of a commitment’.”
Johnson started favouring nights out with team-mates, and barely contacted her during a two-week break in LA.
Stacey added: “Sometimes I’d push Adam after he came in late. He’d laugh and call me a psycho. He was cruel.
“If we rowed I’d ask to see his phone and the passcode. He wouldn’t tell me. I had suspicions but no proof. And I didn’t want it. I was pregnant.”
She hoped everything would change when Ayla was born in January 2015. Seven weeks later he was arrested.

Harrowing visits...and mind games
ADAM Johnson’s former partner has told of her harrowing prison visits as sex offender inmates watched their year-old daughter.
Stacey Flounders, 29, also revealed the footballer tried to manipulate her from behind bars — suggesting they marry to keep their family together.
Dan Charity - The Sun16 Stacey has revealed how Adam tried to manipulate her from behind bars — suggesting they marry to keep their family together
She insists she no longer loves the ex-England ace, but admits she is looking forward to his release for the sake of Ayla, now four.
And she told how the tot would cry: “Daddy, why aren’t you coming home?” at the end of visits.
Johnson was given a six-year term in 2016. For the next year Stacey regularly took Ayla with her to see him in prison.
She said: “I could never have imagined bringing a baby into this world and taking her to see her daddy in jail.
“It was a massive decision to make, horrible. But Ayla needed to see him and asked for him. I didn’t want her to forget him.”
Johnson first spent time at Leeds jail before he was moved to HMP Moorland near Doncaster — where his ex and daughter visited him.
Stacey added: “Ayla was just over a year old and had to go through a metal detector.
“I had to hold her while a guard patted her down.
“We sat in a room full of sex offenders and I felt paranoid, like they were looking at Ayla.
“There was one guard who searched me every time I went to the toilet.
Dan Charity - The Sun16 Stacey says she will tell her daughter about her father when she is 13
“We would sit across a table, Adam wearing a prison-issue grey tracksuit. He said he was sorry for what he put me through.
“He said he didn’t realise what he had until he’d lost it.”
Stacey added of her jail chats: “We discussed what we’d tell Ayla when she’s old enough.
“We don’t want her to read it — we have to tell her. It will probably be when she’s about 13. But she’s clever so it may be sooner.
“We will tell her everything. She will have to make up her own mind about what her daddy is, what he’s branded as.
“To be honest I don’t see Adam as a paedophile.
“For me a paedophile is someone who abuses tiny children.
“I think he was a sex addict, he told me he was.”
Fragile Stacey says Johnson, 31, tried mind games. She revealed: “He’d say, ‘We can get married if you stick by me, we can have the family you always wanted’.
“At the time I wasn’t sure how I felt. Now I know what manipulation is. He wrote saying he loved me, how stupid he was. I felt sorry for him. He wasn’t seeing Ayla’s first crawl or walk.
“I told her, ‘Daddy is at work’. As she got older she would ask why he wasn’t coming home like other daddies do. As we left she cried, ‘Daddy why aren’t you coming home?’ He’d say, ‘I’ll be back soon sweetheart’.
“I would say, ‘Wasn’t it nice to see Daddy’. When she was tucked up in bed I would cry.”
A year after Johnson’s conviction Stacey started dating Sheffield United footballer Gary Madine, 28, once jailed for violence.
 
Torn by emotionsBy Jane Atkinson
IT is clear Stacey utterly adored Adam Johnson, the first man she truly loved.
She allowed, and wanted, him to control their relationship in his confident and protective manner.
So when shy Stacey was cheated on, lied to and made to look a fool, her confidence was shattered so much that she’s never truly put the pieces back together.
She clenches her fists to stop her hands shaking as she talks; and when she discusses his crimes, tears roll down her face.
She constantly feels torn. She knows he did something terrible but doesn’t want to abuse him because he will always be Daddy to the little girl who’s stopped her falling apart.
And I think the biggest issue is that there’s a tiny part of her that cannot stop caring about him.
She hates herself for feeling any love for him.
I hope one day she finds the strength to realise the player was cruel and manipulative to his young victim, and to her.

She said: “We are still friends, it was a serious relationship, but Adam didn’t like it. He said, ‘What the f**k are you doing?’
“I went off the rails after Adam went to prison.
“I moved back into Tollgate Lodge (their £1.85million mansion) and was drinking to excess, numbing the pain and embarrassment.
“Ayla would go to her grandparents on a Friday.
“I couldn’t wait. I’d drink until the Sunday, sometimes getting paralytic on shots, wine, gin, vodka, prosecco.
“The following morning I’d be feeling depressed and anxious. But I couldn’t wait until I could do it all again.
“I was working for an electrical company and claiming working tax credits because the pay was low.
“Twitter users were abusing me. Some accused me of being as bad as Adam because of a picture of me kissing Ayla on the lips.
“Some said I didn’t deserve a daughter. I was scared Ayla would be taken off me, that I’d lose the best thing that happened to me.”
Stacey moved into a five-bed house that Johnson had bought for Ayla and started her own events company planning weddings, baby showers and parties.
She stopped going to prison and instead Johnson’s parents Sonia and Dave took Ayla for visits.
Stacey said: “Although we don’t agree on everything, Adam’s mam has been a great support to Ayla.
“I’m so glad she’s been a constant part of her life and I’m grateful for the normality that she has helped me keep in Ayla’s life.
“Adam was given a longer sentence than we expected.
I know Adam adores Ayla and will come out and be a good dad.Stacey Flounders
“We were shocked. He deserved prison for what he pleaded guilty to. But it was too long, too extreme. He was made an example of.”
Stacey added: “I know Adam adores Ayla and will come out and be a good dad.
“Watching them together when she was a baby was wonderful.
“He deserved to go to prison. He needed to change.
“I hope for Ayla’s sake he’s no longer an arrogant cheat.
“I’m still heartbroken about the loss of my family but for Ayla’s happiness I am looking forward to him being out.
"She doesn’t deserve to be punished for what he did. I want an amicable relationship with him so that we can both parent Ayla in the best way possible.
“I feel like the man I adored and wanted to marry has been dead for three years.
“Now he’s come back alive, but I’m no longer in love with him.
“I’m not worried he’ll pressurise me to get back with him, I’m stronger now.
“You can forgive but I will never forget. I would struggle to trust any man now.
“I don’t hate him and I don’t want to call him a monster because my little girl will read this about her daddy one day.
“If I didn’t have Ayla I would regret ever setting eyes on him. Poor little thing never asked for any of this did she?
“She’s been my medication. She makes me get up in the morning and puts a smile on my face.
“He’s ruined my life. I’ve changed as a person. I have anxiety and depression, I’m still nervous about going out.
“But it is Ayla I worry about, she is the one who might have to cope with bullying and cruel remarks, I really hope she doesn’t. I feel sad for her too, losing the life she should have had with holidays and two parents together.
“He pays her maintenance and he’s good with money and has probably saved.
“But I don’t know if he will ever get another job. I don’t know what he’ll do. He’s served his time for what he pleaded guilty to and I’ve moved on.
“I don’t worry about him anymore. It’s taken a long time but I finally feel I have closure.”
Getty - Contributor16 Johnson won 12 England caps while at Middlesbrough, Manchester City and Sunderland
Foreign career is only optionEXPERTS believe Johnson will never play in the UK again — but may try to resurrect his career in ­Turkey, China or the Middle East.
The winger won 12 England caps while at Middlesbrough, Manchester City and Sunderland.
After the trial, Gordon Taylor of the Professional Footballers’ Association, blasted Johnson for damaging the sport’s reputation and said his chances of playing again were “very remote”.
The Sun revealed last year a video of Johnson telling his fellow lags: “I’ve got more chance abroad, you can’t get a second chance in England.”
Jonathan Rose, the judge presiding over his case, claimed Johnson’s “calculated, considered and carefully orchestrated” abuse of his celebrity status left the girl with severe psychological harm.
Clive Efford, former shadow minister for sport, last week said if a footballer was on the sex offenders register, as Johnson is for life, they shouldn’t be allowed to play.
Ex-Sunderland star Micky Gray, 44, told talkSPORT it would be “very difficult” for Johnson to ­finish his career in England.
He added: “Look, he’s served his time. He’s got to try and get himself as active as he can.
“But to walk into a dressing room, certainly if it was Sunderland, would be extremely difficult.”
Johnson’s ex Stacey told us: “If he has to go abroad I will find a way to make sure Ayla gets to see him. I want her to have both parents in her life.”



GOT a story? RING The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk



