FIFA 17: Is Alvaro Morata really that much of an upgrade on Diego Costa?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/gaming/4070500/fifa-17-is-alvaro-morata-really-that-much-of-an-upgrade-on-diego-costa/
21st July 2017, 3:27 pm
As Real Madrid's Alvaro Morata looks set to join Chelsea and Diego Costa looks to be heading back to Spain, what does this mean for FIFA?
At first glance, just going on their FIFA 17 cards, the gulf in overall rating suggests that Chelsea could be worse off.
But is that really the case?

WANT TO PLAY FANTASY FOOTBALL? SIGN UP HERE

3
 
Well, both strikers have the same end-game potential when it comes to career mode at 86, mainly due to Morata having age on his side ready to enter his prime.
In terms of Ultimate Team - Morata's arrival and Costa's exit does very little.
They're both Spanish strikers meaning Morata will still have strong links to Chelsea and Spanish Premier League players.
Plus, if fellow Spaniard Pedro has another stand-out season, the pair could form a lethal strike partnership.
Getty Images3 Alvaro Morata returned to Real Madrid from Juventus as a result of a buy-back clause
Morata's added pace may be biggest factor felt by FIFA players, as we all know pace dictates everything.
He's noticeably faster off the mark than Costa, with 79 acceleration compared to 74. This will help him beat the first man and open up space down the flanks.
Costa trumps him when it comes to physicality and his ability to finish, but Morata's passing could help him create more opportunities.
Interestingly, Morata's much cheaper than Costa  - coming in at around 3,000 FUT coins compared to 15,000.
While we're certain this will go up in FIFA 18, we can't expect him to be too much more expensive - at least until the Spaniard proves himself.
PA:Press Association3 Chelsea striker Diego Costa is closing in on a return to Atletico Madrid
Meanwhile, it looks as though Costa will be in FIFA 18 - after talks of a potential move to China seem to have dissipated.
EA confirmed earlier in the year that the Chinese Super League was not going to feature in this year's game - which would have meant Costa, who's linked to a move back to Atletico Madrid, risked being omitted, too.

Sign up to play Dream Team 2017/18 now


