Plummy home swap hopeful who walked out on her millionaire lover slams neighbours and calls Northolt an ‘area God forgot’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/4010255/plummy-home-swap-hopeful-who-walked-out-on-her-millionaire-lover-slams-neighbours-and-calls-northolt-an-area-god-forgot/
13th July 2017, 1:06 pm
A POSH council tenant who features in a new Channel 4 show is seem slamming her neighbours because she can’t discuss POETRY and Radio 3.
In Who Wants My Council House? Sarah blasts her local area of Northolt as “an area God forgot” and claims she can’t get on with her neighbours.
Channel 44 Sarah meets blind Romanian Paul who is interested in her flat
She said: “I love my flat, it’s just the people I don’t like.
“I talk to people and they don’t have a clue what I’m talking about.
“If I want to discuss a piece of beautiful music or a poem, no. They wouldn’t know what Radio 3 was about.”
The former photographer, who has lived in the one bedroom flat for 26 years, showed off her antique wall hanging, claiming: “This is Chinese but I don’t know what dynasty.”
She revealed her former home was a luxury apartment in Royal Avenue, off London’s King’s Road – which is now worth £5 MILLION.
She lived there with a former partner,  a millionaire businessman, but lost it all when she walked out on him and ended up homeless.
Channel 44 Sarah was not impressed after viewing Sybil's flat in Headcorn
She said: “There was a Viscount somebody who lived in the next door flat.
“Reggie was a lovely old boy. People have said to me I was absolutely nuts and perhaps I was.
“Of course, my life would have been different. Money makes everybody’s lives – not necessarily better but it can make a difference.
“There’s no point being bitter. I had the chance. I screwed up. It’s a bit sad for me.”
Sarah is sent for a viewing in the quiet Kent village of Headcorn in the show, which follows five households looking to swap their council homes.
Most Read in Living TAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work Exclusive'He threatened to kill me' Woman whose ex beat her for FIVE HOURS says he bragged about abuse on Valentine’s Day NOT JUST SPOTS! Six common types of bumps on your skin - and the ones that could be deadly SHEER LUNACY? Braless Sun girl takes to the streets in a sheer top to try out Kendall Jenner's titillating new fashion trend - so would you try it? JAWSOME Can you spot the shark in this Magic Eye image? Experts reveal reason why not everyone can solve 3D brainteasers 
But her brusque manner left fellow househunter Sybil, who lives in the maisonette, quite taken aback.
After telling Sarah she had a tree which the council cut down, Sarah said: “They say if you cut down a tree you get cancer.”
She quickly added: “But that’s just an old wives’ tale.”
Sybil looked shocked and said: “It’s not me that will get the cancer, it wasn’t my decision.”
She was quite scathing about Sybil’s flat, commenting “The bathroom is ghastly."
She added: "They are the kind of people who have their loo roll inside. I agree with Cliff Richard, the loo roll should always be outside."
Channel 44 Sarah's Northolt home suits her but she's not keen on the area
She told Sybil: “You have lots of light and a nice vista. Your kitchen is quite small and mine is larger so that is a minus. It hasn’t grabbed me, and made me think ‘this is the spot’ which is what I need."
Sybil asked: “Would you invite me to your home to let me see what it looks like?”
But Sarah replied with a brutal: “No!”
After she’s left, Sybil fumed: “I don’t know why she wasted my time and hers.
“When I go back into my home-swapper page I’m definitely going to put on it ‘No time wasters please’.”
Sarah also viewed the home of a Romanian man in Maida Vale, dismissing it as “Very Romanian, very Eastern bloc.”
Channel 44 Another hopeful, Andy, looks round a flat in Poundbury, Worcs in the show
The show also follows former addict Andy, who has house swapped eight times and is looking for his dream home to settle down.
He said: "I see home-swapping as a vehicle for social mobility, It’s not about bricks and mortar. It’s about a better life."
Last week, On Benefits viewers slammed a welder who drew £555 in benefits after he claimed he was too "wrecked" to get up for work on Mondays.
Who Wants My Council House? airs on Channel 4 tonight.
 

