Diego Costa could join Besiktas until January to get dream move to Atletico Madrid as he plans Chelsea exit this summer
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3980069/diego-costa-besiktas-atletico-madrid-chelsea-transfer-news/
10th July 2017, 12:00 am
DIEGO COSTA could get his wish and join Atletico Madrid this summer, via Besiktas, according to reports in Spain.
The Spain international received a text from Antonio Conte telling him he was not part of his future plans at Chelsea.
Rex Features5 Diego Costa could make dream return to Atletico Madrid this summer
5
And, despite incredible amounts of money on offer from Chinese Super League side, Tianjin Quanjian, the 28-year-old has his heart set on a return to Atletico.
But the La Liga side are unable to register new players until January after Fifa upheld a transfer ban for the illegal signing of minors.
However, AS report a solution could be found with the striker moving to Besiktas until the start of 2018.
Costa would then return to Atletico, having played competitive football throughout the season immediately preceding the World Cup.
A recent Instagram post by the Chelsea ace was inundated with messages from fans of the Turkish club, writing: “Come to Besiktas.”
Costa is a hero among Atletico fans, having helped the club win the title in 2014 and reach the Champions League final, before joining Chelsea.
EPA5 Diego Costa wants competitive football ahead of World Cup next summer
Most Read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
PA:Press Association5 Diego Costa's dream of returning to Atletico looked shattered by Fifa ban
PA:Press Association5 Atletico Madrid are keen to sign Diego Costa from Chelsea this summer
In England, he was been a Premier League champion in two of his three seasons.
And he scored 20 goals in both of the title-winning campaigns.
However, Costa fell out with Conte after flirting with a move to Tianjin in January.

Keep up to date with all the latest news, gossip, rumours and done deals in SunSport's live transfer blog



