Chelsea transfer news: Alex Sandro on course for club-record move as Blues tell Juventus they are willing to pay £60m
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/3941659/chelsea-transfer-news-alex-sandro-juventus/
4th July 2017, 3:08 pm
CHELSEA are prepared to smash their transfer record to sign Alex Sandro from Juventus.
The Italians are desperate to keep the defender and slapped a £60million price tag on his head as well as offering him a new deal.
5 Alex Sandro is edging closer to a £60million Chelsea move
Getty Images5 Massimiliano Allegri offered wing-back Sandro a new deal as he tries to keep the Brazilian in Turin
But after a fresh round of talks yesterday, Sandro is edging closer to a Stamford Bridge switch.
He must now to decide whether to sign a new contract at Juve or move to London, although Paris Saint-Germain may make a late swoop.
Sandro, 26, would beat Fernando Torres' £50m switch in 2011 but may not hold the record for long.
Chelsea are determined to bring Romelu Lukaku back to the club and could be forced to pay around £100m by Everton.
The main thing standing in the way of a move is Diego Costa's refusal to join a Chinese Super League team.
Costa wants to go back to Atletico Madrid despite the La Liga outfit's transfer ban.
AP:Associated Press5 Antonio Conte is reshaping his title-winning squad this summer
PA:Press Association5 Romelu Lukaku could snatch the transfer record back from Sandro
Latest Chelsea transfer newsGossipBLUES STALEMATE Diego Costa's determination to rejoin Atletico Madrid holding up Chelsea's Romelu Lukaku move 'YOU CAN NEVER DREAM TOO BIG' Chelsea legend John Terry vows to return to his beloved Blues as manager one day FED UP OF THIS Fiorentina issues hands-off warning to Man Utd and Chelsea target Federico Bernardeschi Bernard's watch Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho snaps-up 16-year-old Chelsea youngster Di'Shon Bernard 
And until they shift his £150,000-a-week wages, the Blues may have to be patient on Lukaku.
The Spaniard was furious when he told he was no longer wanted by Antonio Conte via text.
5 Sandro would competw with Marcos Alonso on the left flank

And he is in no mood to bend over backwards to accommodate the Prem champs with two years remaining on his deal.
Monaco midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko and Roma defender Antonio Rudiger are also being targeted for a combined £65m.

Keep up to date with all the latest news, gossip, rumours and done deals in SunSport's live transfer blog
MOST READ IN SPORTExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links A TALE OF ICE & FIRE How Niki Lauda's icy determination drove F1 legend to heroic comeback DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 

You can pre-register for Dream Team's fantasy football game below...


