Seven-year-old Chinese lad shows off his ripped eight-pack and massive guns after winning six gymnastics gold medals
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3940174/chinese-lad-muscles-eight-pack-guns-gymnastics-gold-medals/
3rd July 2017, 11:25 pm
INCREDIBLE pictures have emerged showing a gold medal-winning Chinese gymnast aged just seven with a ripped eight-pack and massive guns.
Chen Yi is one of China’s next generation of sporting stars – the potential Olympic athletes of the future.
Rex Features4 Pictures of this muscular little boy in China have gone viral
Rex Features4 Chen Yi is just seven years old, but boasts a formidable eight-pack
Pictures of the little lad went viral after he dominated the gymnastics at the 19th Sports Meeting in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, eastern China, last weekend.
Yi won six gold medals and one silver medal in events including the floor, pommel horse, still rings, vault, parallel bars and horizontal bar.
He left home and started training when he was five years old.
And after two years his hard work seems to have paid off, with the little boy looking every bit the next sporting superstar.
The intense training has left Yi with a shockingly robust figure.
Pictures show him taking off his shirt and tensing his muscles, revealing a ripped frame that most adults could only dream of.
Most read in newsDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
But not everyone would agree that Yi’s unnaturally mature body is a good thing.
The lengths China goes to in training kids to dominate the sporting competitions of the future is a controversial one.
Shocking photos emerged last year showing children as young as six being pushed to breaking point in the country’s so-called “gold medal factories”.
Rex Features4 Yi picked up six gold medals in a gymnastics competition in Hangzhou
Rex Features4 The little lad left home and started training when he was just five years old

Little girls were seen crying as they practiced handstands and other positions at one of the country’s youth athletic academies.
But the controversial tactics have paid off since China returned to the Olympics in 1980.
At the Beijing games, the host country topped the medals table and came second to the US at London 2012.
And gymnastics events are a particular favourite for the country, which usually dominates the sport at the games.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 

