Andy Murray limps off practice court… but is set to play through the pain to defend his Wimbledon title
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/3917978/andy-murray-hobbles-off-pull-out-of-wimbledon-as-johanna-konta-withdraws/
30th June 2017, 2:31 pm
ANDY MURRAY is set to play through pain to defend his Wimbledon title.
Murray limped and grimaced his way through two practice sessions at the All England Club because of a problem with his left hip.
Getty Images11 Andy Murray remains to be a doubt ahead of Wimbledon
Getty Images11 Andy Murray was forced to stretch in between points
Asked if would be able to play lucky loser Alexander Bublik in the first round on Monday, Murray said: “I hope so, that’s the plan.”
But Britain’s dreams of a Wimbledon champion could be over by the end of the first evening of the tournament after Jo Konta withdrew from her Eastbourne semi final with a thoracic spine injury.
Konta took a bad fall in her quarter final victory over world No 1 Angelique Kerber and like Murray faces a race against time to be fit for her own Monday match - a tricky clash against Hsieh Su-Wei, the Chinese Taipei player who knocked her out in the first round of the French Open.
Murray was hobbling badly on his left side throughout a worrying day for British tennis fans.
During the second half of his morning session, coach Jamie Delgado urged practice partner Steve Darcis to “go easy” when hitting shots down the line for Murray to chase.
And during breaks Murray was bent over, leaning on his racket in clear discomfort.
Getty Images11 Andy Murray limped off of the practice court
Rex Features11 Johanna Konta suffered a thoracic spine injury during her Eastbourne semi-final clash
My View - Dan King, SunSport tennis correspondent at WimbledonANDY Murray is clearly struggling - but he seems determined to make it to the Wimbledon start line, come what may.
There was no disguising his limp or the concern on the faces of his back-up team.
Pulling out of Monday's tradition of the men's champion opening proceedings on Centre Court would be a massive call, though.
Both Roger Federer and Rod Laver have told Murray not to play at all if he's not fit enough for the whole fortnight.
But Murray is a proud man and seems to be backing himself to play through the pain.
That's what he did while hitting with Belgium's Steve Darcis on Court 9. Murray was hitting the ball well.
But he was hobbling between points and leaning on his racket, bent over, after sections of the practice.
And coach Jamie Delgado had to tell Darcis: "Go easy when you're going for the lines."
Going easy is something Murray has never done himself.
But he may end up risking his longer-term wellbeing just to walk out on Centre Court on Monday.
The only positive is the relatively gentle draw he has. It could, just could, allow him to ease into the tournament.
But it's not looking good.

most readPicturedLESS IS MOR Eugenie Bouchard's twin sister hitch-hikes in lingerie on Morocco holiday PicturedROCKY ROAD BACK Banned drug cheat Maria Sharapova looks ready for tennis return as she shows off her beach body in Hawaii When there's a will Who is Andy Murray's dad? All you need to know about William Murray mine's a double Murray rules out playing Wimbledon singles but might give doubles a shot ONE LOVE Who is Xisca Perello? The girlfriend of Spanish tennis star Rafael Nadal NO NEED FOR A MAC Wimbledon install new £70m roof but McEnroe jokes it's 40 years too late PicturedFIRST SIR-VE Prince Charles knights Andy Murray who says he's on track for Wimbledon return FOOTIE-MAD PRESIDENT Who is Croatia president Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic and her husband? 
Andy Murray looks like he's struggling as he prepares for #Wimbledon ...(via @tomallnuttPA)  pic.twitter.com/VGFbMsA7Ae— PA Sport (@pasport) June 30, 2017


News Group Newspapers Ltd11 Andy Murray was in obvious discomfort during his practice round
11 Andy Murray was forced to hobble out of his warm-up ahead of Wimbledon opener


Rex Features11 Supermarket Morrisons changed its name to 'Murrisons' to support Andy Murray's quest for Wimbledon glory
In the afternoon, Murray hit with 16-year-old British prospect and fellow Scot Aidan McHugh.
He was having trouble running right to left and spent much of the session hitting single-handed sliced backhands, rather than his usual double-hander which puts more strain on his core.
When asked “How was it?”, Murray snapped back, “How was what?” before confirming the session had been “good” and “I’m OK”.
News Group Newspapers Ltd11 Andy Murray couldn't confirm that he will be fit for Wimbledon's opener on Monday
News Group Newspapers Ltd11 The world number one looked dejected as he strolled into the dressing room
The world No 1 certainly did not seem in the kind of shape to justify head coach Ivan Lendl’s claim that he was “not at all” worried about him.
But the fact that Murray practised for three hours despite being in some pain suggests he is determined to play Bublik on Monday, come what may.
Bublik, 20, lost in the final round of qualifying but was picked out of the hat for another chance and has form for causing a shock.
EPA11 Andy Murray gave very little away when he was asked about his session
Getty Images11 Andy Murray will face Alexander Bublik in his opening match
The Russian-born player, who switched his allegiance to Kazakhstan last November, marked his senior Grand Slam debut at the Australian Open by beating No 16 seed Lucas Pouille.

