From Joe Hart to Wayne Rooney, 11 England stars who need a transfer this summer to make the World Cup
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3902483/from-joe-hart-wayne-rooney-england-world-cup-gareth-southgate/
28th June 2017, 3:33 pm
THE race is on for the Premier League's finest to bag themselves a spot in Gareth Southgate's England 2018 World Cup squad.
But for some, the only way they could book their seat on the plane to Russia is by moving clubs - and fast.
10
From Wayne Rooney's career seemingly over at Old Trafford, to Ross Barkley still in a contract stand-off with Everton, a summer transfer appears the only option for this XI to stake their claim for a World Cup spot.

Keep up to date with all the latest news, gossip, rumours and done deals in SunSport’s live transfer blog

Here, SunSport takes a look at the ageing stars, young hopefuls and nearly men who MUST change clubs if they are to have any chance of catching Southgate's eye.
Goalkeeper- Joe Hart
The Manchester City keeper was almost immediately frozen out by Pep Guardiola when he arrived at the Etihad, and then loaned to Italian side Torino.
Seemingly Guardiola does not believe Hart can be his "ball-playing" keeper - but judging by his replacement at the time Claudio Bravo, the decision at times seemed ludicrous.
Yet Hart is still at a crossroads at City, with £35million signing from Benfica Ederson Moraes set to be number one and Bravo the back-up.
Getty Images10 Joe Hart will have to make a summer transfer move if he is to keep the England number one spot
Hart is currently still England's number one. But after being blamed for both goals in Scotland's shock 2-2 draw, he is losing his grasp on that spot too.
Manchester United and West Ham are believed to be interested - and Hart needs to make the move, and fast.
Left-back - Luke Shaw
Since Jose Mourinho took over at Manchester United, it has appeared that Luke Shaw is not his favourite player.
After breaking his leg then suffering other injury problems, Shaw has not had it easy since he joined the club from Southampton for £30million.
But Mourinho has blasted the way the 21-year-old has trained since he took over, and has been less-than impressed with his performances on the pitch.
It appears to be a bit of a "too much too soon" for Shaw at United, and he could be on the radar of Spurs and  boss Mauricio Pochettino - especially if he loses Danny Rose.
Getty Images10 Luke Shaw (right) and Ross Barkley (left) are in serious danger of missing out on World Cup 2018 if they can't get regular first team football
Right-back - Kyle Walker
Kyle Walker found himself sat on the bench in Tottenham's run-in last season, with boss Mauricio Pochettino preferring Kieran Trippier at right-back.
And the former Burnley man also made it into the England squad for the games against Scotland and France, preferred to Walker in the same role against Les Bleus.
With Manchester City sniffing around, the emergence of Trippier, and Walker believed to be keen on a move, it might make sense to exit White Hart Lane (or Wembley, as their new home will be) to secure his England starting spot.

Centre-back - Chris Smalling
The Manchester United man could find himself third choice centre-half at the club next season after Victor Lindelof was snapped up from Benfica.
And if Phil Jones gets his act together and Marcus Rojo recovers well from injury, Smalling could be even further down the pecking order.
Getty Images10 Manchester United team-mates Jesse Lingard and Chris Smalling could find themselves shunted out of the first XI at Old Trafford next season
The 27-year-old would be a likely starter for most other Premier League teams, and should he be made available for transfer, there will be many suitors.
With the emergence of Ben Gibson (see below), Gary Cahill captaining the national side and John Stones expected to realise his potential sooner rather than later, Smalling may well want to guarantee first-team football away from Old Trafford.
Most Read In FootballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
Centre-back - Ben Gibson
After breaking into the England squad despite being part of a Middlesbrough side that meekly exited the Premier League, Ben Gibson's career is really taking off.
And the prospect of Championship football will surely kill his dreams of making the England World Cup squad.
But he won't be short of offers from the Premier League.
SunSport has reported Tottenham, Everton, Southampton, Leicester, and Stoke are all keen on the 24-year-old, who looks certain to leave this summer.
Getty Images10 Ben Gibson looks like he will have to leave Championship side Middlesbrough to continue his England career with Gareth Southgate
Left-midfield - Theo Walcott
If the phrase "failed to reach his potential" is tagged to anyone, it is surely Theo Walcott.
Once again, the former Southampton man flattered to deceive as Arsenal missed out on a Champions League spot for the first time in 20 years.
Seemingly Walcott STILL can't bag a position to make his own. He has flitted from playing out wide to up front at the Gunners.
And now it seems the fans have given up on him making it big. Walcott has looked like he needs a new challenge for a couple of seasons now, and he probably needs to tell Arsene Wenger this if he is to guarantee his spot on the Russia-bound plane.
Getty Images10 Theo Walcott and Wayne Rooney will have a battle on to bag a place in Gareth Southgate's England World Cup squad
Right-midfield - Jesse Lingard
The 24-year-old was in and out of the side last season, and although he is not believed to be on the list of players Jose Mourinho is ready to ship out, slipping further down the pecking order next season could harm his England chances.
Lingard only signed a new United contract in April, that put him in line with the club's top earners.
But as one of England's hottest prospects, a season getting splinters from the bench is the last thing he needs.
A loan move could be more likely than cutting all ties, and it's certainly something Lingard may have to consider if he is to be a sure pick of Southgate.
Reuters10 Ross Barkley is at a crossroads at Everton, and is seemingly heading out the exit door
Centre-midfield - Ross Barkley
After an inconsistent season once again for Ross Barkley, he was told by boss Ronald Koeman to agree a new deal or face being sold.
And with no new deal agreed yet, Barkley's career at Everton looks to be coming to an end.
Only days ago SunSport exclusively revealed that Barkley had accepted he needs to leave the Toffees to save his England career.

Barkley is behind Davy Klaassen in the pecking in Ronald Koeman’s squad and will not be the Dutchman’s main creative midfielder next season.
Injury ruled Barkley out of the Three Lions end-of-season matches against Scotland and France – and he was believed to be gutted at missing out.
Barkley’s place in the squad was on a knife-edge before he was crocked after dips in a form and a public row with Koeman over his contract.
Getty Images10 Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain started England's last game, a 3-2 friendly defeat to France, and was poor
Centre-midfield - Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain
Like Theo Walcott, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is another Arsenal player who has failed to find his position in Arsene Wenger's starting XI.
And it is clearly affecting his game.
In England's 3-2 friendly defeat to France, Oxlade-Chamberlain was completely lost in central midfield, dominated by N'Golo Kante, and failing to find a man with his woeful passing.

Gone is the youthful exuberance he had when he joined the Gunners from Southampton.
Another seaosn of being in and out of the Arsenal team, playing a whole host of different positions will surely end his World Cup 2018 hopes.
SunSport has revealed how Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester City are all keen to sign him - he needs to make a move to one of them.
Getty Images10 Daniel Sturridge looks like he will have to leave Liverpool if he is to prolong his international career
Centre-forward - Daniel Sturridge
Injuries have blighted Daniel Sturridge's career - but there's no doubting when he is fit he is one of the most lethal strikers in the Premier League.
But what the likes of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo bring is a uninterrupted games for their teams - and that's why Sturridge has failed to put his name in the lights.
Kop boss Jurgen Klopp's patience is believed to be running thin now, and he could well be shipped off this summer.
It could be the best thing for Sturridge however, after falling behind Roberto Firmino and even Divock Origi in the Liverpool pecking order.
Getty Images10 Wayne Rooney was dropped by Gareth Southgate for the England games against Scotland and France
Centre-forward - Wayne Rooney
His time at Manchester United is petering out, and not in the way he would have wanted.
Rooney has been a bit-part player under Jose Mourinho, and has seen him played up front, behind the striker, out side and in central midfield.
His dramatic loss of form also say him dropped from the England squad by Gareth Southgate for the games against Scotland and France.
It's unclear where he will go next, but if he is told by Mourinho that he is not needed, it would surprise everybody if Rooney is prepared to sit in the background and collect his money.
Everton are believed to be interested in an emotive reunion with their former wonderkid, and don't rule out a move to the Chinese Super League or MLS.


