Barcelona must stump up a stunning £35m if they want to land former Tottenham flop Paulinho
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/3883828/barcelona-35m-former-tottenham-flop-paulinho/
26th June 2017, 8:59 am
BARCELONA must stump up an incredible £35million if they want to land former Spurs flop Paulinho.
The Spanish giants have made a shock move for the Brazilian who currently plays his football in China for Guangzhou Evergrande.
Getty Images5 Paulinho could move to Barcelona in a staggering £35m deal
But the 28-year-old won't move to the Nou Camp on the cheap as Spanish publication Sport reveal he has a £35m release clause in his contract.

Keep up to date with all the latest news, gossip, rumours and done deals in SunSport’s live transfer blog

Barcelona believe they can capture his signature at a lower price if the player puts pressure on his club to cash in.
And although it may appear a dream move for most professional footballers, it seems Paulinho is seriously considering remaining in China.
Rex Features5 Paulinho has admitted he could turn down a move to Barcelona
Speaking to Globoesporte he said: "There was contact with my agent, yes.
“There was an offer, yes, and this is all talking. But today I find myself at a very happy moment in my life and in my career. When you meet at a time like this it is difficult for you to decide.
“There are many things I need to put on the balance to make my decision, and one of the decisions is my happiness.
“I think, first of all, the moment that I am living, the life that I and my wife took here in China . . . We like too much about the place, the people.
PA:Press Association5 Paulinho cost Tottenham £17m but they later sold him for just £9.9m to the Chinese club
Paulinho factfile

Born in Sao Paulo, Brazil in 1988
Began his youth career at Pao de Acucar in 2004 before moving to Lithuania to play for FC Vilnius in 2006
After a stint in Poland he rejoined Pao de Acucar before moving to Bragantino and later Corinthians
He moved to Spurs for £17m in 2013 but made just 45 appearances
He joined Guangzhou Evergrande for £9.9m in 2015 where he has won four major trophies
Has 41 caps for Brazil and was brought back into the team for the 2018 World Cup qualifiers


most readExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 
5 Paulinho is a key player for the Chinese side and they are reluctant to lose him

“The moment that I am living in the club, with conquests, confidence, disputing the Chinese title, the Asian Champions League and the China Cup, so I really do not know.
“I am very happy to be discussing a situation with a great club that is Barcelona, ​​I think this is priceless.”
5 Marco Verratti remains Barcelona's first choice transfer target
Paulinho has emerged as a key figure in Guangzhou Evergrande's side having helped them win the Chinese Super League.
He has recaptured his form which he failed to show at Tottenham leaving chairman Daniel Levy to take a £7m loss on the player who cost £17m in 2013.
Paris Saint-Germain's Marco Verratti remains Barca's first choice but the French giants are understandably reluctant to sell.
 

