Lionel Messi refuses to rule out a move to Chinese Super League in future but insists he wants to stay at Barcelona for now
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3865033/lionel-messi-chinese-super-league-barcelona/
23rd June 2017, 11:13 am
LIONEL MESSI has refused to rule out a move to China at some point in the future.
The five-time Ballon d’Or-winner has yet to sign a new contract at Barcelona — despite on-going talks.
Reuters5 Lionel Messi has revealed he is open to a move to China at some point in future
And, while he admits his dream has always been to stay at the Nou Camp, the possibility of a move to the Chinese Super League in the future is always an option.

Keep up to date with ALL the Barcelona news, gossip and transfers on our club page

Speaking to ESPN China, he said: “[Staying at Barca] is what I’ve always wanted, what I always dreamt of and what I always said I’d do.
Getty Images5 Lionel Messi is likely to sign a new contract at stay at Barcelona — for now
most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
Getty Images5 Cristiano Ronaldo is expected to equal Lionel Messi's Ballon d'Or record
“But I wouldn’t say [moving to China] is impossible, no?
“No one can say that anything is impossible in football.
“Anything can happen [in football] but today I’ll tell you — no, it hasn’t crossed my mind.”
PA:Press Association5 Lionel Messi insisted you could 'never rule anything out in football'
EPA5 Ernesto Valverde has made extending Lionel Messi's contract his top priority
The 29-year-old saw on-pitch arch-nemesis Cristiano Ronaldo equal his tally of four Champions League trophies.
Which has put the Real Madrid front man in pole position to land the 2017 Ballon d’Or — and that would put him level with Messi’s record of five.
Luis Enrique stepped down as Barcelona boss after three trophy-laden seasons in the summer.
And replacement Ernesto Valverde has made extending Messi’s contract, which runs out at the end of the campaign, top his agenda.


