Fabio Capello appointed new Jiangsu Suning manager on reported £120,000-a-week contract — could ex-England boss bring Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Chinese Super League?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3774884/fabio-capello-jiangsu-suning-england-zlatan-ibrahimovic-chinese-super-league/
11th June 2017, 2:39 pm
FABIO CAPELLO has been confirmed as the new boss of Jiangsu Suning where he will earn around £120,000-a-week.
The former England boss becomes the third high profile Italian to manage a side in China.
Getty Images8 Fabio Capello has been appointed as new manager of Jiangsu Suning
Fabio Cannanavaro is the current boss of Tianjin Quanjian, while Marcello Lippi is the international side’s manager

Keep up to date with ALL the football news, gossip and transfers 

Ex-Fiorentina gaffer Paulo Sousa appeared set to land the role at Jiangsu, but the club plumped for Capello in the end.
         View this post on Instagram           The person who changed my game Fabio Capello A post shared by  Zlatan Ibrahimović (@iamzlatanibrahimovic) on Feb 20, 2017 at 6:07am PST

Reuters8
Fabio Capello was sacked as manager of Russia after dismal spell in 2015
8 Fabio Capello with David Beckham during his spell as manager of England
PA:Press Association8 Fabio Capello left England after John Terry was stripped of captaincy
He will bring with him ex-AC Milan players Cristian Brocchi and Gianluigi Zambrotta as part of his backroom staff.
And could one of his first singings be Zlatan Ibrahimovic?
Capello brought the Swede to Juventus in 2004 and, in February, the striker posted a picture of the pair on Instagram with the caption: “The person who changed my game.”
Ibrahimovic is currently a free agent having been released by Manchester United.
 
Getty Images8 Fabio Capello with Zlatan Ibrahimovic, the pair worked together at Juventus
The Chinese Super League side are owned by Zhang family, whose Suning Group also have a majority stake in Serie A giants, Inter Milan.
Capello has been out of work since being sacked by Russia in 2015 after a dismal World Cup campaign.
However, in his early managerial years, he earned a reputation as one of the best coaches in the world.
EPA8 Fabio Capello will bring Gianluca Zambrotta as pat of his backroom staff
His AC Milan side produced one of the most dazzling displays in Champions League history with a 4-0 win over the Barcelona ‘Dream Team’ in the 1994 final.
And he also won titles with Real Madrid — in two separate spells — Roma and Juventus.
In 2007, he took over as England manager and oversaw a storming qualification campaign for the 2010 World Cup.
Getty Images8 Fabio Capello and Marcel Desailly celebrate winning Champions League in 1994
AP:Associated Press8 Fabio Capello and the Real Madrid players celebrate winning La Liga title in 1997
But, it all went downhill just before the main event and the Three Lions went home at the first knock-out stage following a 4-1 hammering by Germany.
He eventually quit after the decision to strip John Terry of the captaincy following a racism charge was taken without his consent.
Jiangsu finished third last season which was good enough for qualification to the Asian Champions League.


