Wayne Rooney sends England good luck message ahead of Scotland clash after being axed from squad
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3770076/wayne-rooney-sends-england-good-luck-message-ahead-of-scotland-clash-after-being-axed-from-squad/
10th June 2017, 3:52 pm
WAYNE ROONEY has sent his old England teammates a message of support from Greece ahead of the their World Cup clash with Scotland.
Rooney has been forced to tune in to watch the big game while on holiday after being dropped by Three Lions boss Gareth Southgate.
PA:Press Association4 Wayne Rooney has sent a good luck message to his old England teammates
But despite now seeing his dreams of representing his country again hanging by a thread, the Manchester United star is still hopes his pals do the business at Hampden Park.

Keep up to date with ALL the latest football news, gossip and rumours

Rooney took to Instagram to post a picture of the England badge hours before kick-off today.
Her wrote: "Good luck to the lads against Scotland today. Do the business @England."
Rooney is coming to terms with no longer being an automatic choice for his country after he was left out of Southgate's squad for the Scotland and France games.
He was stripped of the England captaincy by the Three Lions boss when he named his first squad as manager.
Splash News4 Rooney is currently on holiday in Greece after being dropped by Gareth Southgate
Splash News4 Rooney relaxes in Greece while England prepare to face Scotland
And since then Southgate has made it clear England's all-time record goalscorer is not doing enough at club level to justify being called up.
Rooney has seen himself fall out of favour at United, as manager Jose Mourinho chose to overlook him for the majority of the season.
Most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
And now his future at Old Trafford is in doubt, with Mourinho looking to bring in two new strikers over the course of the summer.
Marcus Rashford has overtaken Rooney in the pecking order at United, and the club are now closing in on a £64million deal to sign Real Madrid star Alvaro Morata.
Instagram/Wayne Rooney4 Wayne Rooney sent a message of good luck to England while he holidayed in Greece

They are also hoping to tie up a £70m agreement with Torino for Italy striker Andrea Belotti as Mourinho looks to solve the goalscoring problems that blighted his team last season.
Rooney has been chased by former club Everton, although boss Ronald Koeman is reluctant to commit such big money to a player who has seen his best year.
There is still the chance for him to make a move to the Chinese Super League, having decided against moving to Tianjin Quanjian in February.

