Meet Poker queen Sofia Lovgren… who is aiming to take down the ‘bullying men with big egos’ at the World Series
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/3768446/meet-poker-queen-sofia-lovgren-who-is-aiming-to-take-down-the-bullying-men-with-big-egos-at-the-world-series/
10th June 2017, 10:01 am
POKER queen Sofia Lovgren is on a mission to see a female player win the amazing 888poker-sponsored World Series of Poker Main Event in Las Vegas next month.
The 27-year-old stunner is a professional player from Sweden and an 888poker Ambassador since 2014.
News Group Newspapers Ltd6 Sofia Lovgren has made more than £250,000 from poker
She can't wait to take part in the biggest and most prestigious Texas Hold 'Em tournament in the world, which is expected to attract more than 6,000 entries from around the globe.

Find out all you need to know for your chance to win $10million at the World Series of Poker

And, what's more, you could be sitting down at a table beside her with the a chance of winning the $10million first prize.
Sofia has such a good poker face that she's bagged more than £250,000 in live tournaments around the world.
"I'm living my dream, doing what I love, and most of all, playing poker and travelling the world. I am fortunate and grateful that my absolute favourite hobby is also my work,” says Sofia, who talked exclusively to The Sun when she jetted into London to play at the 888poker Card Room at Aspers Casino in Westfield, Stratford.
Now, Sofia has her sights firmly set on this year's 888poker sponsored World Series of Poker Main Event in Last Vegas with its mouth-watering multi-million first prize.
Last year's WSOP winner, Qui Nguyen had won only £9,000 playing poker – until he scooped $8million, beating nearly 7,000 players in the Main Event.
888 Poker6 You could be playing against Sofia Lovgren in Las Vegas
News Group Newspapers Ltd6 The Swedish star says women can rise up and beat men
888poker - sponsors of the WSOP - aims to 'Take Back The Game' giving EVERY PLAYER of every skill level, whether you are 21 or 81 years of age, the chance of reaching the WSOP Main Event for FREE.
If you can't afford the $10,000 buy-in then you can simply play The Sun's exclusive tournament tonight or tomorrow and check-out 888poker.com for more amazing opportunities to qualify for just a few cents.
But Sofia is aiming to become poker queen of the world.
She said: "There is a growing number of excellent female players and it is about time a woman was crowned Queen of the WSOP - it would be a great payday but also a major breakthrough for all women around the world.
"Obviously, the huge majority of men play the game, but women are catching on and getting some superb results.
How you can play to win $10millionIF you are a regular recreational poker player, enjoy home games or have never played before you can give it a go - it won't cost you a penny! 
888poker have devised a special tournament to find a Sun reader to take part in the glittering World Series of Poker Main Event. 
And, just like everyone else qualifying as an 888poker satellite winner, the online giant is guaranteeing a $10million payday if our Sun reader goes on to win the WSOP Main Event tournament. 
Play your cards right and it could be YOU playing in the greatest poker tournament of the year in Las Vegas.
Enter FREE at 8pm tonight and YOU could win a seat worth $10,000 plus a FIVE night hotel accommodation in Las Vegas with $1,200 worth of hotel, travel and expenses.
Just go to http://www.888poker.com and download the easy-to-use software - make sure you register to 888poker prior to the tournament to allow you to choose your online player user name. You will not have to deposit any money.
If you are already a player on 888poker just log-in as normal. You can register for The Sun tournament TONIGHT from 6pm.
Next, go to All Games and then Tournaments. Press the All tab and search for The Sun - 888poker WSOP ME Qualifiers  #1. The Sun tournament will appear. Enter the password: Sunny-Vegas for tonight's tournament.
You will then be marked as registered into the event and the game will open at 8pm.
888poker has organised a quick-fire tournament and play should last about two hours.
The final 15 will go through to Day 2 at 8pm on Monday, June 12. There will be another chance to qualify tomorrow Sunday with a total of 45 players taking part in Day 2 when all players will start with an equal stack of 10,000 chips.
Play will continue until the winner is decided. The winner will receive the prize package worth $12,500.
Our runner-up will win a $1,050 an online tournament ticket to 888poker's tournament from which you could win a World Series Of Poker Main Event Package. Third-place finisher gets a $160 online tourney ticket on 888poker.
Players from fourth to ninth place each receive a $109 online tourney ticket on 888poker.
You must be over 21-years-old and resident in the UK to enter.
VIEW THE FULL TERMS AND CONDITIONS HERE

"They have all the qualities to be among the best players in the world. The great thing about poker is we’re all on an equal footing since poker is not just a physical skill. It is also extremely mentally challenging and that's where we can outplay the men.
"They tend to have big egos and think they can bully us at the table. But I believe this is an advantage for us, where we can use our image to make unexpected moves, trap them, and take all their chips at the end.
"Women have more confidence in their own game nowadays. They may not have such oversized egos and they still want to win and are just as prepared to be more patient and take advantage of the game long term."
888 Poker6 Sofia Lovgren says male players have bigger egos
News Group Newspapers Ltd6 The poker player is desperate to show everyone how good she can be at the World Series in Las Vegas

Most read in sportExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal 
Sofia, who also enjoys golf and sailing in the summer and skiing in the winter, is urging women - and men - to take part in tonight's Sun tournament to win a coveted seat in the WSOP Main Event.
"It's the ultimate poker tournament and I can't wait to play it next month.”
"Whether you are a regular home game player, love to play online, or have never played before, you should give it a go.
"You have to be in it to win it - and with a little bit of lady luck, anyone can come out on top!"
In last year's World Series of Poker Main Event there were 268 female players and 6,469 men.

Sofia's eight top tips for playing tonight's tournament
1. Be well rested, load up with snacks and fruits to have energy and be in a great mood to play focused!
2. Day 1 is a Super turbo tournament which is a great tourney to play because these tourneys attract players who are looking for fast entertainment at the poker table. You will need a little more luck than in regular tournaments because the pace will be very quick and most of the time you will be playing short-stacked poker and will face many fold or all in situations.
3. Play strong hands. Many players will gamble with the quick structure and once you pick up a good hand you will most likely double up your stack.
4. When you enter pots, play aggressively and be ready to play for your whole stack.
News Group Newspapers Ltd6 Sofia Lovgren tells you her top tips for being good at poker
5. Take advantage of the players who play too tight. You should be looking for spots to steal with an all in. For example, it could be a right spot to go all in on the button with any two cards to steal blinds. But remember,15 players make it to Day 2! So if you have a great stack, no need to gamble, but just cruise into the top 15 and guarantee yourself a seat to Day 2.
6. Study the other players carefully and try to find the weaker opponents who will be your targets.
They will often make mistakes so you can exploit and you should be able to win big pots early.
7. Play many hands in the beginning like suited connectors and small pocket pairs when all have many big blinds.
8. On Day 2, nine players will win a prize, but only ONE player will win the $12,500 888poker World Series of Poker Main Event package - so be ready to gamble and with a little luck anyone can win it!

IMPORTANT READ - PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY. GAMBLEAWARE.CO.UK. You must be over 21-years-old and resident in the UK to enter. The Promoter and prize provider of this competition and connected tournaments is 888 UK Limited only. The Sun is not responsible for the administration of this competition or the provision of any prizes. Registration and software download required. Full terms and conditions and all other 888.com Terms and Conditions apply. You cannot enter if you have self-excluded from gambling. Competition not open to staff of Promoter, The Sun, promotional partners or their families, nor is it open to anyone who is an ambassadoror sponsored by any gambling business. Winner must be free to attend/take prize as specified in the full terms and conditions otherwise it will be forfeited. Winner of WSOP 2017 Main Event Championship will be required to be a brand ambassador for the Promoter for five years. Failure to agree such contract will result in cash bonus element of prize being forfeited. Ambassador contract is with winner and the Promoter only. The Sun is not party to any such ambassador contract or connected arrangements. Winner responsible for all costs and expenses unless expressly stated otherwise in the full terms and conditions.

888 is the second biggest online gaming site in the world.
It was founded in 1997. The name was chosen as 888 is considered to be a lucky number in Chinese numerology and culture - meaning triple fortune!
Itai Pazner, SVP Head of B2C at 888Holdings, spoke enthusiastically about teaming up with The Sun.
He said: "We are extremely excited to present one lucky Sun reader with the amazing prize of an all-expenses paid package to the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas and the opportunity to win up to $10,000,000.
"888poker’s strategy for 2017 is all about going one step further. We are ‘taking back the game’ we love and enabling all players, regardless of experience and ability, the opportunity to play in the ultimate Live poker event as well as playing online at 888poker."

