What’s on TV tonight? Shows to watch on Sunday 29 April from The Woman in White to Invitation to a Royal Wedding
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/6138957/whats-on-tv-tonight-shows-to-watch-on-sunday-29-april-from-the-woman-in-white-to-invitation-to-a-royal-wedding/
29th April 2018, 12:02 am
WHAT can't you miss on TV tonight? Our guide to the must-see shows...
THE Woman In White, 9pm, BBC One
BBC5 The Women in White: Laura (Olivia Vinall, left) has no choice but to become Lady Glyde in the second episode of this tense Victorian drama
Former EastEnders actor Ben Hardy stars as Walter in new BBC One period drama The Woman in White 
Despite plucking up the courage to tell Sir Percival she doesn’t love him and doesn’t want to marry him in the most poetic way ever, Laura (Olivia Vinall, left) has no choice but to become Lady Glyde in the second episode of this tense Victorian drama.
Meanwhile, having been sent away by Mr Fairlie, Walter struggles to come to terms with the fact that he and Laura can never be together and becomes even more fixated with ‘woman in white’ Anne Catherick.
Not only does Dougray Scott remind us of Patrick Bergin’s character in Sleeping With The Enemy, but the relationship between husband and wife has similar overtures.
Creepy.
Invitation To a Royal Wedding, 9pm, ITV
ITV5 Invitation to a Royal Wedding: The perfect appetiser for the big day
As the world is gripped by Meghan Markle mania ahead of her nuptials to Prince Harry (left) on 19 May, Sir Trevor McDonald and Julie Etchingham lift the lid on what goes into putting on a wedding fit for a royal couple.
The perfect appetiser for the big day.
The Durrells, 8pm, ITV
ITV5 The Durrells: Leslie is torn when he’s sent to arrest Sven (Ulric von der Esch, above)
The dark side of life on sunny Corfu is explored in the penultimate episode of the 1930s drama.
Leslie is torn when he’s sent to arrest Sven (Ulric von der Esch, above) and Viggo on the grounds of their sexuality, while Larry is incensed.
On a lighter note, Harry Miller comes to stay and insists on being naked the majority
of the time.
Cover your eyes!
Little Big Shots, 7pm, ITV
ITV5 Little Big Shots: Harry is just 11 years old, but has a big set of lungs on him
Gather round, as Dawn French meets Britain’s youngest town crier Oliver (below) in tonight’s show celebrating talented kids.
Harry is just 11 years old, but has such a set of lungs on him that he’s been given the ceremonial role in his home town of East Harling, Norfolk.
Also tonight, we meet a troupe of flamenco dancers, a string trio and a six-year-old boy from Rochdale, who dreams of becoming a surgeon.
Azerbaijan Grand Prix, 12.40pm, Channel 4
Ch45 Azerbaijan Grand Prix: All eyes will be on Red Bull driver Daniel Ricciardo
Red Bull driver Daniel Ricciardo’s (above) overtaking heroics in the Chinese Grand Prix bagged him a win two weeks ago, and with it his announcement as a genuine title contender.
Lewis Hamilton, meanwhile, has had a winless start to 2018 – will the Baku City Circuit prove a happier hunting ground?
Don't know what to watch tonight? Get your daily guide to What's On TV from The Sun Online

