Chris Moorman has made almost $20million as the world’s best online poker player… read his tips on how to win big
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/3761351/chris-moorman-has-made-almost-20million-as-the-worlds-best-online-poker-player-read-his-tips-on-how-to-win-big/
9th June 2017, 4:53 pm
FOR a man who earns his living by staying stony faced, Chris Moorman laughs a lot.
As the world’s most successful online poker player he has plenty to smile about.
8 Chris Moorman is the world's most succesful online poker player
Brit Chris is just 31 but he has already earned nearly $20million playing poker.

Find out all you need to know for your chance to win $10million at the World Series of Poker

In ten years he has won an astonishing $14million online and another $5million in casino card rooms.
And now he wants to help a Sun reader win the world’s biggest poker tournament with a first prize of $10million.
For the first time in newspaper history, we are offering our readers the chance to play at the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas next month.
It is $10,000 just to enter the tournament at the Rio Hotel in Vegas but one lucky Sun reader will go for FREE and get the chance to win millions.
Getty Images8 How do you fancy going to Las Vegas courtesy of The Sun?
How you can play to win $10million
IF you are a regular recreational poker player, enjoy home games or have never played before you can give it a go - it won't cost you a penny! 
 
888poker have devised a special tournament to find a Sun reader to take part in the glittering World Series of Poker Main Event. 
 
And, just like everyone else qualifying as an 888poker satellite winner, the online giant is guaranteeing a $10million payday if our Sun reader goes on to win the WSOP Main Event tournament. 
 
Play your cards right and it could be YOU playing in the greatest poker tournament of the year in Las Vegas.
Enter FREE at 8pm tonight and YOU could win a seat worth $10,000 plus a FIVE night hotel accommodation in Las Vegas with $1,200 worth of hotel, travel and expenses.
Just go to http://www.888poker.com and download the easy-to-use software - make sure you register to 888poker prior to the tournament to allow you to choose your online player user name. You will not have to deposit any money.
If you are already a player on 888poker just log-in as normal. You can register for The Sun tournament TONIGHT from 6pm.
Next, go to All Games and then Tournaments. Press the All tab and search for The Sun - 888poker WSOP ME Qualifiers  #1. The Sun tournament will appear. Enter the password: all-in-sun for tonight's tournament.
You will then be marked as registered into the event and the game will open at 8pm.
888poker has organised a quick-fire tournament and play should last about two hours.
The final 15 will go through to Day 2 at 8pm on Monday, June 12. There will be another chance to qualify tomorrow (Saturday) and Sunday with a total of 45 players taking part in Day 2 when all players will start with an equal stack of 10,000 chips.
Play will continue until the winner is decided. The winner will receive the prize package worth $12,500.
Our runner-up will win a $1,050 an online tournament ticket to 888poker's tournament from which you could win a World Series Of Poker Main Event Package. Third-place finisher gets a $160 online tourney ticket on 888poker.
Players from fourth to ninth place each receive a $109 online tourney ticket on 888poker.
You must be over 21-years-old and resident in the UK to enter.
VIEW THE FULL TERMS AND CONDITIONS HERE

It all starts tonight with a special free-to-enter online poker tournament for Sun readers.
If you are over 21 years old, living in the UK and fancy your chances of sitting alongside Chris in the biggest and most prestigious Texas Hold 'Em tournament in the poker calendar then take your seat at 8pm tonight.
We have teamed up with 888poker, official sponsors of the World Series of Poker Main Event.
Our Sun-sational prize includes the $10,000 entry into the Main Event to compete for a ten million dollar first prize, five night hotel accommodation plus $1,200 for travel and expenses.
Readers can play tonight, Saturday and Sunday with 15 players from each night going through to Day 2 on Monday when our winner who will go to Vegas this summer will be decided.
Chris Moorman says: “It’s like a Sunday league footballer playing in the World Cup final.
8 Chris Moorman has made almost $20m from playing poker
“But in poker, because there’s an element of luck, an amateur can end up beating the professionals.”
Chris began playing online poker in his second year of studying economics at university in Colchester, Essex.
By the holidays he was starting to make money and lied to his parents, telling them he had a summer job.
He says: “I hadn’t been playing long at that point and there was no way my mum would let me do it.
“So I made up that I had a job at ASDA near the university but really me and my friend were playing poker online and watching the best Ashes series ever.
“When you start playing every day you get better and by the end of the summer I’d gone from having a couple of hundred dollars in play to having five thousand in play.”
8 The Brit relaxes by his home in Las Vegas
The only person in Chris’s family who knew the truth was his sister Felicity, now 28.
So, from his winnings he bought her a brand new, bright red £12,000 Ford Ka with all the extras to buy her silence.
Chris says: “My sister said ‘what’s in it for me? Why should I keep quiet?’ So, I said ‘I’ll buy you a car’ and she replied ‘you’ve got a deal’. We shook on it.
“My parents must have thought what a nice brother to buy her a car from my wages at ASDA!”
By the time he completed his studies Chris had paid off his student loans and had a total of around £50,000 in the bank and in his playing account.
It was time to confess the truth to his dad, Simon, a credit controller from Basildon, Essex and mum, Sonya, who works in the NHS.
Chris says: “My dad was impressed and gave me six months to see how much I could make. If I failed I’d have to get a proper job in the real world, which is exactly what I didn’t want to do.
8 Chris Moorman with his wife
“I moved to Brighton to live with my mates. Basically I didn’t leave the house for six months.
“When my pals went out I didn’t because Friday nights are really good because some people play when they’ve had a drink and can tend to make looser calls and bad decisions.
“Fortunately, I improved a lot in that time and I did well in tournaments and cash games and I came back and showed my dad the balance and he was astounded.”
Chris had made more than £100,000 in six months.
But his mum Sonya was not so sure.
Chris says: “My dad thought it was the greatest thing ever but my mum was still sceptical.
“She’d only seen poker in the movies and was worried someone was going to come and shoot me or something. She thought the people I was taking the money off would get angry.
“Also, she’d cut out adverts for jobs she thought I would be interested in taking and include little notes saying things like ‘For when you’ve grown out of this phase’.
“Over time she has come to accept it and she’s proud of me.”
8 You could play in Las Vegas courtest of 888 Poker
Chris kept on winning tournaments. He collected $1,000,000 dollars at a tournament in Los Angeles in 2014.
And when he won a million euros in Cannes he was given his winnings in CASH.
There’s that smile again as he remembers: “I was walking around with a million euros in a back pack. All in purple 500 Euro notes. I must have looked like a drug dealer!”
The next tournament was a 45-minute cab ride away in San Remo in Italy where Chris stashed the cash in the safe in his hotel room.
He says: “Later, at the tournament a guy gave me 200,000 euros he owed me in a brown paper bag! It’s a crazy life.”
Chris met his American wife, Katie, at a poker tournament in Las Vegas where the couple have a base when not travelling the globe playing poker – but amazingly they don’t own a house.
Next month, Chris will be in Vegas to compete in the World Series of Poker tournament where our lucky Sun reader will also be competing for the first prize of $10million.
He says: “I’ve played the World Series 11 times and never won it.

Most read in sportExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal 
“The first time I went I’d won my seat online just like The Sun competition.
“It’s a once in a lifetime opportunity. It’s the dream. Any Friday night or pub poker player would include playing the World Series in their bucket list.
“Even though I play tournaments every day of my life, WSOP is unique.
“It should attract more than 6,000 players, from the best in the world to those who’ve never played there before.
“It’s quite gruelling. You can play over seven or eight days for 13 or 14 hours at a stretch but the time goes so fast because you’re having so much fun.
“Anybody can sit down and technically win by what we call running well - they get good cards and they play them well at that time.”
The most last year’s WOSP winner, Qui Nguyen had won was £9,000 – until he scooped $8million, beating nearly 7,000 players.
Chris adds: “That’s why the game is so popular because everybody genuinely has a chance.”
*CHRIS Moorman is the only British ambassador for 888poker. You can find Chris' tips for playing in our brilliant competition below.
EIGHT TIPS FROM CHRIS MOORMAN FOR TONIGHT'S TOURNAMENT
1. REGISTER for tonight's Sun tournament in good time - particularly if you have not played online poker before. Just to be sure you don't get flustered at the last minute.
2. GO to the bathroom before play starts. You don't want to be sitting raising or going all in - with your legs crossed!
3. MAKE sure you have a soft drink and snack with you in case you feel peckish while you are playing.
4. SWITCH off the TV - the tournament is fast and you don't want to be distracted.
8 Chris Moorman reveals his tips on how to win at poker
5. WHEN you start playing on your table, try and quickly work out who is playing aggressively. You'll know if you get your chips in the pot that they may be the ones to call you.
6. BEWARE of bluffing with a small number of chips. You will probably get called and it will be time to turn the telly back on.
7. REMEMBER, you don't need to WIN the tournament tonight. Just finish in the top 15 and you go through to Sunday's final with the same number of chips as everyone else.
8. DON'T sit there waiting for ACES - the tournament could be over before you get them!

IMPORTANT READ - PLEASE GAMBLE RESPONSIBLY. GAMBLEAWARE.CO.UK. You must be over 21-years-old and resident in the UK to enter. The Promoter and prize provider of this competition and connected tournaments is 888 UK Limited only. The Sun is not responsible for the administration of this competition or the provision of any prizes. Registration and software download required. Full terms and conditions and all other 888.com Terms and Conditions apply. You cannot enter if you have self-excluded from gambling. Competition not open to staff of Promoter, The Sun, promotional partners or their families, nor is it open to anyone who is an ambassadoror sponsored by any gambling business. Winner must be free to attend/take prize as specified in the full terms and conditions otherwise it will be forfeited. Winner of WSOP 2017 Main Event Championship will be required to be a brand ambassador for the Promoter for five years. Failure to agree such contract will result in cash bonus element of prize being forfeited. Ambassador contract is with winner and the Promoter only. The Sun is not party to any such ambassador contract or connected arrangements. Winner responsible for all costs and expenses unless expressly stated otherwise in the full terms and conditions.

THE 888-sponsored World Series Of Poker Main Event 2017 takes place at the amazing Rio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.
Our winner will play the tournament's Day 1C at 11am on Monday, July 10, 2017.
The tournament continues until Monday, July 17, when just NINE players are left.
They will then take part in the Final Table over three days between July 20 and July 22 when the champion will be crowned.
8 The British poker player is one of the best in the world and now you can follow in his footsteps

888 is the second biggest online gaming site in the world.
It was founded in 1997. The name was chosen as 888 is considered to be a lucky number in Chinese numerology and culture - meaning triple fortune!
Itai Pazner, SVP Head of B2C at 888Holdings, spoke enthusiastically about teaming up with The Sun.
He said: "We are extremely excited to present one lucky Sun reader with the amazing prize of an all-expenses paid package to the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas and the opportunity to win up to $10,000,000.
"888poker’s strategy for 2017 is all about going one step further. We are ‘taking back the game’ we love and enabling all players, regardless of experience and ability, the opportunity to play in the ultimate Live poker event as well as playing online at 888poker."

