Paul Gascoigne at 50… a look back at the troubled genius who lit up the world footballing stage for an all too brief spell
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3658566/paul-gascoigne-50th-birthday/
27th May 2017, 12:01 am
A FOOTBALLING one-off, a truly unique talent - Paul Gascoigne turns 50 on May 27.
An incredible free-spirit on the pitch, Gazza threatened to take the beautiful game by storm.
Getty Images25 Newcastle-born Paul Gascoigne celebrates his 50th birthday on Saturday
His natural ability on the ball was utterly unparalleled and had it not been for a host of off-field problems, he would be remembered as an all-time great.

Keep up to date with ALL the football news, gossip, transfers and goals on our page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary.

Gascoigne will celebrate his 50th birthday, a milestone many feared he'd never reach, and it's fitting to look back at his footballing genius.
The Newcastle-born star combined outrageous individual skill with an underrated football IQ to devastating effect.
It's impossible to watch Gazza and not be left completely dumbstruck as he weaved his way through a helpless host of defenders.
Getty Images25 Paul Gascoigne won the 1988 PFA Young Player of the Year award
News Group Newspapers Ltd25 Gazza could have gone to be an all-time England great in another life
News Group Newspapers Ltd25 Paul Gascoigne also won the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award in 1990
Better yet, he was no show-pony, Gascoigne had the tricks, the flicks, the flair... but it was all for the greater good of the team.
He was nigh-on impossible to stop, with one particular hard-man, Vinnie Jones, using a different type of tackle in order to put the brakes on Gazza.
The Wimbledon enforcer was tasked with slowing down the young talent of Gascoigne - which he did by infamously grabbing him by the testicles... creating an iconic photo.
Alamy25 Paul Gascoigne was infamously grabbed by Vinnie Jones early in his career
News Group Newspapers Ltd25 Paul Gascoigne's genius with a football will not be soon forgotten
PA:Press Association25 Paul Gascoigne was always a character on the football pitch
After starting his career at boyhood club Newcastle, he joined Tottenham in 1988 for a then-record British fee of £2.2million.
Gazza went on to win the FA Cup with Spurs before moving to Serie A side Lazio, prior to spells at Rangers, Middlesbrough, Everton, Burnley, Gansu Tianma and Boston United towards the end of his career.
With Gascoigne in the squad, England came as close as they ever have to winning a major tournament.
Getty Images25 Paul Gascoigne dragged England as close to a World Cup win as any side since 1966
Getty Images25 Paul Gascoigne's passion was epitomised by his famous tears at Italia 90
News Group Newspapers Ltd25 Paul Gascoigne won a host of trophies in Scotland to go with one English FA Cup
Who could forget his tears after the semi-final exit at the 1990 World Cup - or even his stunning goal, and dentist chair celebration, against Scotland at Euro 1996.
Aged just 23 at Italia 90, Gazza was thrust into a squad including established stars Chris Waddle and Peter Beardsley.
But he did more than simply keep his head above water, shining in his prominent role under Sir Bobby Robson.

PA:Press Association25 Unfortunately Paul Gascoigne's career was blighted by injuries
Getty Images25 Gazza's famous dentist chair celebration is etched in football history
News Group Newspapers Ltd25 Paul Gascoigne led England close to glory on home soil at Euro 96
He would go on to earn just 57 caps, far too few for a man of Gascoigne's unreal talent.
Unfortunately, injuries plagued the star's career, including an horrific ACL injury sustained in the 1991 FA Cup final - his only ever piece of English silverware.
However, it will perhaps unjustly be his off-field antics Gazza is remembered for.
PA:Press Association25 There was never a dull moment when Paul Gascoigne was on the football pitch
News Group Newspapers Ltd25 Paul Gascoigne could have gone down as the best player of all time
PA:Press Association25 Gazza had a spell in Serie A with Rome giants Lazio
Gascoigne dealt with a series of obsessions and compulsions, including a reliance on alcohol, prescription drugs and even, briefly, cocaine.
He admits to an enduring fear of death having been deeply affected when Steven Spraggon, the younger brother of childhood friend Keith.
Spraggon was killed in a road accident and Gazza has suffered from an inability to sleep and physical tics for almost as long as he can remember.
News Group Newspapers Ltd25 Gazza won trophy after trophy during his stint at Rangers
News Group Newspapers Ltd25 Paul Gascoigne battled a host of demons off the football pitch
All too often, Gascoigne's name has been plastered across TVs and newspapers for all the wrong reasons.
But the man himself claims it could have been worse, saying in his autobiography: "But for football, I know I would be in a far worse state than I am today."
A frank admission no doubt, Gascoigne succinctly concluded: "Let's say I fulfilled my dreams, but I didn't fulfil my potential."
Action Images25 Paul Gascoigne has given the world a host of iconic snaps, such as this
PA:Press Association25 Paul Gascoigne won just 57 international caps for England
As he enters his sixth decade, Gazza should be remembered not for his recent struggles, but for his sensational talent with a football.
One tale which sums up Gascoigne brilliantly comes from his brief time in China.
The star struggled to adapt to life in Asia, claiming to be bored and restless, saying: "It was like being locked in a cave.
AP:Associated Press25 Paul Gascoigne played for a host of clubs, including a Chinese side, late in his career
Action Images25 Gazza always made headlines on the pitch, as well as off it
“At a loose end one day I noticed a pool at the front of the hotel, an ornamental thing with koi carp in it. I said to Wes [Saunders, his agent] ‘Let’s go fishing.’
“I went to my hotel room and fetched that little packet of needles and thread that hotels provide and you never use. Not me, anyway. Why would I want to be sewing?
"I tied the thread to the bamboo cane, bent a needle at the end to make a hook, put a lump of Chinese Jammie Dodger at the end, and I was off to the pool to do some fishing.
News Group Newspapers Ltd25 Paul Gascoigne was always an entertaining presence on the football pitch
Reuters25 The story of Gazza fishing in his Chinese hotel will live long in the memory
News Group Newspapers Ltd25 Paul Gascoigne celebrates his 50th birthday on Saturday May 27
“I caught one. I blew a kiss to the heavens and fell to me knees. It made my day. After that, China began to grow on me.”
The story sums up Gazza well... a man simply hoping to live life to its fullest, but not always doing the 'right' thing.
Whether on the pitch or off it, Gascoigne has always made headlines, let's hope it's his genius with a football that goes down in history as the man celebrates the big 5-0.

MOST READ IN SPORTExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal 

