Manchester United and Chelsea dealt huge blow with Real Madrid star Alvaro Morata agreeing to join AC Milan for £52m
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3647345/manchester-united-chelsea-alvaro-morata-ac-milan-transfer-news/
25th May 2017, 12:18 pm
MANCHESTER UNITED and Chelsea have been dealt a huge blow with Real Madrid star Alvaro Morata reportedly agreeing to join AC Milan for £52million.
A host of Premier League giants had been eyeing up a move for the Spanish striker, 24, who has been growing increasingly frustrated at the Bernabeu.
AP:Associated Press3 Alvaro Morata has reportedly signed a deal with AC Milan
Morata has been stuck behind Karim Benzema in the pecking order under Zinedine Zidane all season and is now looking to cut his losses.

Keep up to date with ALL the football news, gossip, transfers and goals on our page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary.

Arsenal were a third English side interested in Morata's services, however he has signed an agreement with AC Milan, according to Italian outlet Gazzetta dello Sport.
The Madrid forward spent last season on loan at Serie A side Juventus and has reportedly expressed his desire to return to Italy.
Now Milan are willing to splash £52m to make his dream a reality - with Real not willing to be short-changed for their back-up striker.

Getty Images3 Alvaro Morata recently celebrating winning the La Liga title with Real Madrid
The news will be particularly devastating for United and champions Chelsea.
Blues boss Antonio Conte is seemingly resigned to losing Diego Costa in the summer window and is looking for an immediately world-class starting striker.
Meanwhile, Red Devils boss Jose Mourinho will be without Zlatan Ibrahimovic until 2018 - if he even opts to stay at the club beyond this season that is.

Getty Images3 Alvaro Morata is frustrated at playing second-fiddle under Zinedine Zidane
However, it's Milan who have seemingly landed their man, as they are set to splash the cash under their new Chinese owners - Rossoneri Sport Investment.
The Serie A giants are reportedly willing to pay the forward approximately £125,000-a-week after tax to lure him to Milan.
MOST READ IN SPORTExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal 

