Brazilian striker Hulk has revealed he is an Arsenal fan and has not ruled out playing in  the Premier League one day
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3584524/brazilian-striker-hulk-has-revealed-he-is-an-arsenal-fan-and-has-not-ruled-out-playing-int-he-premier-league-one-day/
17th May 2017, 3:57 pm
BRAZILIAN striker Hulk has revealed he's a Gooner.
The big forward, who is coining it in playing for Shanghai SIPG in the Chinese Super League, also revealed his still hopes to play in the Premier League before he finishes playing.
Rex Features4 Brazilian striker Hulk admits to being an Arsenal fan
The 30-year-old, who has been linked with moves to Spurs and Chelsea during his career, admits he still follows English football and admires Arsenal's style of play under Arsene Wenger.

Keep up to date with ALL the Arsenal news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary



Hulk told Sport TV: "I always follow the league and I have always supported Arsenal, his way of playing, but unfortunately he has not won trophies in recent years.
"It's always been a dream, it's a very competitive championship and the stadiums are full in every game, no matter what the team."
The former Porto hitman turned his back on European football last June to join Shanghai SIPG for £45million, earning £16.6m-a-year.
Rex Features4 Hulk is under investigation after being accused a making racist remarks towards a Chinese coach this month
EPA4 Arsenal won on Tuesday to keep a potential Champions League play-off game alive
Rex Features4 Hulk admires Arsenal's style of play under Arsene Wenger
Hulk has recently been caught up in a racism storm in the Far East, the Brazilian striker allegedly punched the assistant coach of Guizhou Zhincheng, earlier this month.
The alleged reason for the attack was Hulk "despises Chinese people."
most read in sportExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal 
 
Despite the allegations, the Brazilian international claims to be enjoying life in China, but did not rule out a move at some point.
Hulk added:"The city is very good, the club has a great culture and gives a lot of support.
"I've been here for one year and I have three more years left on my contract.
"I am very happy, but nothing is impossible, especially in football"


