Manchester United and Chelsea miss out on top summer target as AC Milan agree deal for Franck Kessie
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3581218/premier-league-transfer-news-franck-kessie-manchester-united-chelsea-milan/
17th May 2017, 10:45 am
MANCHESTER UNITED and Chelsea have reportedly lost out to AC Milan in the race Franck Kessie.
The 20-year-old looks set to become the first signing under the new Chinese ownership at the Serie A giants.
Getty Images4 Manchester United and Chelsea have missed out in the chase for Franck Kessie
According to Goal, the Atalanta midfielder will snub a £24million move to the Premier League in order to pen a £2.1million-a-year deal at the San Siro.

Keep up to date with all the latest news, gossip, rumours and done deals in SunSport’s live transfer blog

Kessie, who was also being chased by Roma, is expected to sign a contract until 2022 with Vincenzo Montella’s side.
The Ivory Coast international had been linked with moves to both United and Chelsea in recent months.
And he added further further ammunition to rumours of a potential switch to Old Trafford by admitting it was his dream to play for the Red Devils.
MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
That was followed by comments from his agent George Atangana last month, who claimed Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool were also possible destinations.
But he seemed to suggest that Roma had “the advantage” in the chase for Kessie.
He told Rai Sport: “Franck is close to many clubs and close to none.
Getty Images4 The Ivory Coast international is reportedly set to sign for AC Milan
Getty Images4 Franck Kessie has shone for Atalanta in his breakthrough season
Getty Images4 Franck Kessie has been linked with a number of Premier League clubs in recent months
"I must admit that Roma have the advantage for Kessie, but we haven’t closed a deal yet because there are other top clubs interested who continue calling me."
However, it now appears that Milan have won the race for the highly-rated African.
Kessie has been one of Atalanta’s key men in his breakthrough season, notching six goals in 28 league appearances to help his side into the lofty-heights of fifth place.


