Manchester United approach Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang but Borussia Dortmund striker has also been offer £43m-a-season to go to China
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3575126/manchester-united-pierre-emerick-aubameyang-dortmund-china/
16th May 2017, 3:36 pm
MANCHESTER UNITED have reportedly joined the race to sign Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
Jose Mourinho is in the hunt for superstars and is expected to sign Antoine Griezmann from Atletico.
5 Aubameyang has said he wants to leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer
L'Equipe claim that United have stepped in to rival PSG for Aubameyang's signature - with Manchester City also suitors, as revealed by SunSport.

Keep up to date with all the latest news, gossip, rumours and done deals in SunSport's live transfer blog

But even with United's financial clout, they will not be able to manage the £43million-a-year deal that they say is on the table from Tianjin Quanjian.
The Chinese club have also held talks with Chelsea ace Diego Costa but are believed to approached Aubameyang's advisors through boss Fabio Cannavaro over a move this summer.
And this is said to have sparked United chiefs into action, with intermediaries requesting a sit-down with the Gabon striker.
Rex Features5 Jose Mourinho has made £85m-rated Antoine Griezmann his top target

Aubameyang is thought to have already met with PSG director of football Patrick Kluivert.
But the French giants were said to need a colossal £59million to bring him to the French capital.
Rex Features5 Aubameyang is wanted by clubs all over the planet
MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
Getty Images5 Cannavaro is said top have contacted Aubameyang's representatives
As revealed by SunSport, Man City will go all-out to land Aubameyang if Sergio Aguero leaves.
Aubameyang, 27, is City’s third choice as they are resigned to losing out on Lionel Messi and Manchester United-bound Antoine Griezmann.
Getty Images5 Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is also being lined up by Manchester City

Contact has been made with Aubameyang’s representatives after he signalled his willingness to leave Dortmund.
Real Madrid were the front-runners after the player confirmed the European champions were his 'dream' destination.
He said: "If I want to go to the next level, I need to leave in summer.
“Real Madrid is still a dream, but there has been too much noise.”
 

