Niall Horan reveals he quit Simon Cowell’s record label in bid for ‘fresh start’ — but says One Direction will make more albums with X Factor boss
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/3474903/niall-horan-fresh-start-one-direction-simon-cowell/
3rd May 2017, 8:07 pm
NIALL HORAN has revealed he quit SIMON COWELL’s record label because he needed a “fresh start” – but has insisted ONE DIRECTION will reunite to release more albums working with the X Factor mogul.
The Irish heart-throb has given his first newspaper interview since the end of the mega boyband for the first episode of my new weekly podcast Bizarre Life with Dan Wootton.
Dan Jones9 Niall Horan has opened up to The Sun in his first newspaper interview since One Direction split

NIALL shows off his frisky side on new single Slow Hands, which I’m predicting will become a summer smash hit.
Speaking of the raunchy lyrics, he tells me: “We just made up a concept around a sexy night out, meeting up with a girl in this club and hoping she’s going to come home with me.
“It surprised me, to be honest. This is the most out-there song on the album. I wanted to try something different.
“When it started coming together I started getting a bit freaked out and began telling the producer to start toning things back a bit so it doesn’t sound as funky.
“But then I grew into it and I really liked it.”
His debut album – out later this year – will also feature more singer-songwriter tracks like first release This Town.
Niall says: “It’s a balance. I knew if I was to make an album what it would be.
“If you listen to the ONE DIRECTION stuff, I can hear each of our individual tastes in some of the songs.
“I just know when I pick up a guitar what I naturally do.”

And no subject is off limits as he discusses whether 1D could re-form as a trio or with ZAYN MALIK, as well as LIAM PAYNE’s romance with CHERYL.
He also talks of his friendship with JAMES CORDEN and why he’s decided to stay single after “dabbling” with different women.
The in-depth chat comes as Niall prepares to release solo single Slow Hands, which bosses at Capitol Records hope will propel him into being one of the world’s biggest pop stars.
Dan Jones9 The Irish star talked to Bizarre's Dan Wootton about his solo career, his love life, and a 1D reunion
Rex Features9 He revealed he left Simon Cowell's record label Syco because he needed a 'fresh start'
Joining Capitol meant Niall — the only member of the group to have stayed with their management company Modest — had to walk away from his X Factor mentor Simon.
Simon’s record company Syco had been desperate to sign him.
Niall admits it was a tough call and I ask if Simon hates him now. He says: “I hope not, please don’t hate me.

“We were very close to Simon for years and had a lot of success together.
“I just felt like I wanted and needed a fresh start.
“It’s a long time to be at a label I wanted to broaden my horizons and try something new.
“We both know that and when One Direction come back we’ll still have albums left to do.”
Getty Images - FilmMagic9 He insisted 1D will reunite one day to make more records with Simon
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 
While many in the industry have speculated the various solo careers could spell the end of 1D, Niall remains resolute they will be back.
He tells me: “It’s been a year and a bit already. We don’t want to put a time on it. But when that phone call does come, no matter whoever it comes from, we’re back again.
“At the minute it’s exactly where it was six months ago — we’re doing our own thing.
“You know I’m going to probably end up touring this, Harry will probably end up doing the same, probably Liam probably Louis, that’s a year – time adds up.”
Dan Jones9 The heart-throb says his love life is non-existent, but added: 'If it happens, it happens'
Dan Jones9 He chatted with Dan for the first episode of his new weekly podcast Bizarre Life with Dan Wootton
Could 1D reunite without one of its current four members, becoming a trio? Niall says: “I don’t know. I’m guessing so. That’s not a conversation we’ve had.”
Could One Direction reunite with Zayn, who quit the group before the hiatus? He says: “Again, a conversation we haven’t had and I’m sure the fans would love it and it would be great but again I don’t know.”
During his seven years in 1D Niall was the glue that held the band together.
Imagine being on Tinder, there’d be uproar! I don’t think the online dating thing is for me
As the journalist with the most access to the band, it was obvious to me he enjoyed every minute and was close with all his bandmates.
But he admits the break “came at the right time”.
Speaking for the first time about the reasons behind the split, he says: “It was a long time to keep going at that intensity and that pressure, touring that much and bringing out albums at that pace.
“We felt like we just wanted to either chill or do your own thing.
“When we called it, it was kind of a release in a way so you could go and see family, see friends, go backpacking.”
Niall bits— JAMES CORDEN was like a “big brother” to 1D.
Niall recalls: “He was unbelievable,  always there giving advice. If there was anything going wrong he would be the first on the phone making sure everyone was all right.”
— NIALL still hangs out with his old pal JUSTIN BIEBER.
He said: “I play golf with him. He lives down the road from me in LA. He’d probably say he’s better but he’s wrong. He’s a great guy and in a good place. I’m happy for him.”

The lads have only been together once as a band since their break, in an emotion-charged meeting backstage at The X Factor in December just days after the death of LOUIS TOMLINSON’s mum.
Louis performed his debut solo single Just Hold On for the first time during the show’s final.
Niall recalls: “First, that’s a tough song to sing, being out there on your own for the first time on a week where something like that happens must have been horrific for him. But it was a no-brainer we were all in.
“I was in New York and I heard about it and there was no doubt that was the next thing I was doing.
“So we all flew home and we didn’t want it to be like the whole publicity thing. We didn’t want that we were in and out to see Louis and be there to support him.”

While they may not meet face to face, Niall says the band communicates “all the time” using “big email chains”.
He explains: “Everyone’s trying to listen to each others’ stuff. Louis lives quite near me in LA so I’ll be going round to him when I go out there, playing him some of my stuff.
“Hopefully he’s got some stuff to play and same with Harry.”
Surprisingly, he denies being shocked when I revealed news of Liam’s relationship with former X Factor judge Cheryl.
He says: “I was happy for him. She’s one of the most beautiful women in the country so he did well there as far as I’m concerned.
“She’s a lovely girl, he’s a lovely guy and now they’ve got a baby and it’s great.”
Splash News9 Niall said it would be 'great' if Zayn Malik rejoined the band
Niall on... 
LEAVING SYCO: "We were very close to Simon for years. I want to broaden my horizons now."
ZAYN: "Could he join in on a 1D comeback? It would be great, but I don't know."
LIAM & CHERYL: "She's one of the most beautiful women in the country so he did well there."
1D REUNION: "We don't want to put a time on it but when that call comes we are back again."

Niall — who spends half his time in Los Angeles — hasn’t met baby Bear yet but says he has his “presents ready” for when he returns to London.
Though seeing Liam and Louis become dads hasn’t made him want to settle down.
Shaking his head, Niall says: “Not right now. I’m 23, I should be out dating and out with mates and enjoying the job that I do.”
But somewhat remarkably Niall — who says he “dated and dabbled” during his time in the group — reveals his love life is now non-existent.
He says: “I’ve been flat-out busy and kind of went through a stage of not caring about it for a while and I’m going to be busy now for the summer again.
“So I don’t really know where I’m going to fit that part in. But if it happens, it happens. I’ve got many years ahead for that.”
Rex Features9 Niall says Liam Payne's girlfriend Cheryl is 'one of the most beautiful women in the country so he did well there'
Most BizarreNiall tells me his oddest moments . . .
MOST BIZARRE ACCIDENT: “Croke Park Dublin. Sound check. Raining. Went to see how wet the stage was and slipped and bounced my elbow off the floor. And my guitar fell off the stage and it was quite an expensive one.”
MOST BIZARRE PARTY: “At the Grammys this year I was texting DIPLO saying, ‘Is there anything going on tonight?’ I didn’t go. I just stayed at home watching it on TV and kind of got excited by it. So I just got on my clobber and went out. I got there and there were two or three thousand people in the house. Crazy. JUSTIN BIEBER made an appearance, MARK RONSON – it was a who’s who.”
MOST BIZARRE DREAM: “I was being chased by BRYAN CRANSTON in Breaking Bad form. Me and my mates had a weekend on the booze and we were being chased around some field by him. and he was throwing meth at us and we were jumping away from him.”

Niall says it is “feasible” to date despite his star status, with most of his romances coming from being set up by mutual friends.
He’s never been tempted to join a dating app either, telling me: “Imagine being on Tinder, there’d be uproar! I don’t think the online dating thing is for me.
“It’s not really my thing. It’s not very practical but I’m more of a bumping into someone in a bar or someone introducing me to someone.
“I’m also quite shy, you’d be surprised. I’m not very good at talking to them.”
Despite his nerves around girls, it’s clear to me how Niall has blossomed into a young man during his time living a real life outside of the 1D bubble.
He says: “It’s strange for me being here with you on my own as well but it’s good, I’m happy.”
How Lads' hol helped pain
9 Niall took an Inbetweeners-style backpacking holiday with two cousins after 1D split
AN Inbetweeners-style backpacking holiday let Niall get over 1D going on an indefinite break.
He and two cousins travelled through Bali, the Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia and Thailand.
Niall says: “That was my best decision. I got away from it all and didn’t spend time moping about it.”
Despite being a multi-millionaire pop star, there were no private jets or five-star hotels he was used to.
When Niall arrived on a small island in the Philippines, he had nowhere to stay.
He recalls: “It was Chinese New Year with two rooms left on the whole island. It was like the Inbetweeners Movie, when they turn up and there’s cats running up the street, damp towels and spiders the size of my hand climbing the wall. I wouldn’t change it for the world.”
However, Niall didn’t use his time off to go wild, saying: “I enjoy having a few beers but I don’t go crazy.”
Bizmeter: Digital DetoxIf Niall could only keep one, what would it be?
SNAPCHAT: Ariana Grande.
"I just find her profile so cool."
INSTAGRAM: Ricky Gervais.
TWITTER: James Blunt.
GADGET: iPad.
PLAYLIST: Spotify.
APP: Waze.
TV CHANNEL: Golf channel.


