Foodie Nicola ‘Milly’ Millbank wages war on trendy health fads in her ‘real meals’ cookbook
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/3457584/foodie-nicola-millie-millbank-wages-war-on-trendy-health-fads-in-her-real-meals-cookbook/
2nd May 2017, 1:13 am
ACTRESS Nicola “Milly” Millbank won fans with roles in Mount Pleasant and Mr Selfridge – but she could win over far more after railing against “clean eating”.
Now finding growing fame as a food blogger, Milly, 29, claims fads such as quinoa brownies, and slicing courgettes into strands as a pasta replacement, drive her mad.
PR handout8 Actress Nicola “Milly” Millbank shares her 'real food' recipes in new cookbook
She says: “Don’t get me started on the raw-avocado-matcha- quinoa brownies.
“Just have a sodding brownie!
“And eating a bowl of courgetti, in place of spaghetti, is as appealing to me as eating a sponge.
“I don’t get a kick out of that.”
You can’t argue with that.
PR handout8 Mount Pleasant star is frustrated with 'clean food' health fads and thinks balance is all important
The Londoner is about to launch her debut cookbook, Milly’s Real Food, which she calls a back-to-basics, unfaddy, antidote to “clean eating”.
She says: “If that’s your gig, cool. As you were.
“But that’s not my thing.
“My primary issue with the term ‘clean eating’ is that it insinuates that unless you follow a sugar-free, alcohol-free — God forbid — and gluten-free lifestyle, you’re eating dirty.
“For me, life is all about balance.
“It’s become fashionable to eliminate things from our diet and demonise food groups.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands 
“It irritates me when I see underqualified ‘well-ness’ bloggers claiming to be nutritionists and saying: ‘Cut out the bread, it’s a devil for your gut’ — when this just isn’t the case for most people.
“I’d hate to go to a friend’s house for dinner, with the promise of chocolate mousse, only to find out it’s made with avocado and fake chocolate.
“I’m all about celebrating every food group and home-cooking food we all love to eat.”
Milly’s book, with recipes for everything from burgers to cup-cakes, encourages people to do just that.
She grew up in Wokingham, Berks, with artist mum Jan, 60, and stepdad Barry, 72 a consultant, learning the basics of cooking.
She says: “I was always in the kitchen with Mum.
“It was the hub of our family home.
For me, life is all about balance. It’s become fashionable to eliminate things from our diet and demonise food groups.
“My mum always had people over for dinner parties and it was where we hung out.
“I’d follow her around the kitchen and learnt to cook from her.
“I took home economics at school and had a really eccentric female teacher in her seventies who was going senile.
“Sometimes we’d cook amazing things like Victoria sponge but when she couldn’t be bothered to teach us, we’d just make cheese on toast.”
When Milly moved out of her parents’ home, aged 18, to go to drama school in Chiswick, West London, she began to hone her skills in the kitchen.
She says: “I had a few basic dishes to fall back on — shepherd’s pie and tray bakes I could bung in the oven.
8 Nicola stars in hit comedy Mount Pleasant
“I didn’t want to eat stodgy student food all the time.
“Being in London meant I had access to so many different cuisines and I got inspired by new flavours and started watching morning cooking shows.
“It kicked my cooking up a gear.”
After graduating, Milly — like many struggling young actors — had a lot of spare time.
She recalls: “Acting jobs come like buses — sometimes you are run off your feet with work, other times you can be quiet for ages.
“I always wanted to keep busy to stop myself worrying, so I started to focus on cooking.
“I set up the Milly Cookbook website and started sharing recipes and my love of real food.”
The rest is history.
With an abundance of fans following her recipes and tips, it was only a matter of time before Milly landed a book deal.
But she insists: “I never dreamed I’d get approached to do a cookbook so soon.
PR handout8 As an aspiring actress she had a lot of free time and spent it blogging about food
“It’s a dream to have a place to share all my favourite recipes and snacks.
“From the start, I was adamant I wanted to develop the recipes myself and for it to be completely authentic.
“I learnt a lot putting this book together and I’m incredibly proud of it.
“I’m not a professional chef and don’t try to be — I’m your everyday home cook.
“I know what flavours go together, I know what I like to eat and I enjoy doing it.
“I’ve made sure none of the recipes are really expensive to produce or full of inaccessible ingredients.
“No one needs to spend £1,000 in Planet Organic on ingredients to bake a good brownie.”
8 Milly’s Real Food by Milly Millbank, is out on Thursday 4th May priced £20
Milly is due to wed TV producer fiancé Michael Eagle-Hodgson, 33, next year — and he loves her cooking.
She has a system to ensure she gets time to make great meals without spending all her time in the kitchen.
Milly says: “I batch-cook.
“I cook a roast, then make the leftovers last days in pies and quiches.
“Or a slow-cook meat that will last me the rest of the week.
“I eat healthily because I cook from scratch but I also mix days of lighter meals with total blowout days full of burgers and cakes.
“The joy about my book is that it’s going back to celebrating eating real food.”
Here Milly shares three of her favourite recipes from the book with Sun readers.

Milly’s Real Food by Milly Millbank, is out on Thursday, HarperCollins, £20.

Sweet and sticky pork ribs
(Serves 4)
A HIT with all of my friends, especially the guys, these perfect ribs are easy to make and are absolutely packed with flavour – so prepare to be asked for seconds and thirds.
PR handout8
YOU NEED:

2 racks of pork ribs, approx 700g each
2 tbsp Chinese five-spice
1 tsp toasted sesame oil
2 tbsp light soy sauce
2 tbsp honey
1 tbsp fish sauce
Juice of ½ a large orange
Juice of 1 lime
1 spring onion, finely sliced
1 red chilli, finely sliced

METHOD: Preheat the oven to 200C/180C fan/Gas mark 6.
Rub the pork ribs all over with the Chinese five-spice and pop in a high-rimmed baking tray.
Cook the ribs on the middle shelf of the oven for 45 minutes.
To make the sauce, combine the toasted sesame oil, soy sauce, honey, fish sauce, orange and lime juice, plus 2 tablespoons of water, in a bowl.
Remove the ribs from the oven and decrease the temperature to 180C/160C fan/Gas mark 4.
Spoon a third of the sauce over the ribs then return them to the oven for 45 minutes.
When the ribs are nearly ready, put the remaining sauce into a small pan and place over a medium–high heat.
Reduce until the sauce is thickened and sticky.
Remove the ribs from the oven and slather in the sticky sauce, scatter with the spring onion and chilli, then serve.

Oreo cupcakes
(Serves 12)
THESE are just heavenly. Loved by young and old.
PR handout8
YOU NEED:

40g unsalted butter
100g plain flour
20g good-quality cocoa powder
140g caster sugar
1½ tsp baking powder
120ml milk
1 egg
1 tsp vanilla paste
18 Oreo biscuits
For the icing:
160g unsalted butter
360g icing sugar
8 Oreo biscuits, crushed into fine crumbs

METHOD: Preheat the oven to 170C/150C fan/Gas mark 3.
In a bowl, add the butter, flour, cocoa powder, caster sugar and baking powder and use an electric whisk to beat until all the butter is incorporated and you have a sand-like texture.
In a separate bowl, mix together the milk, egg and vanilla paste and slowly add to the dry ingredients, mixing until you have a batter.
Put a whole Oreo in the bottom of each of the 12 cake cases and add a heaped tablespoon of the cupcake batter.
Bake in the centre of the oven for 15-20 minutes or until springy to the touch.
Remove from the oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes, then turn out on to a wire rack to cool completely.
To make the icing, whisk together the butter and icing sugar for a couple of minutes until smooth, then stir in the crushed Oreos.
Put in the fridge to set until firm.
Ice the cupcakes and cut the remaining 6 Oreos in half.
Stand half an Oreo in the icing on top of each cupcake.
Chicken katsu burgers
(Serves 2)
TWO of my fave things combined.
Add as much heat to the katsu sauce as you like with the garam masala.
PR handout8
YOU NEED:
For katsu sauce:

1 tbsp vegetable oil
1 onion, rough-chopped
5 garlic cloves, rough-chopped
2 carrots, peeled and grated
2 tbsp plain flour
1 tbsp medium curry powder
1 tsp garam masala
600ml chicken stock
1 tbsp honey
1 tbsp soy sauce

For burgers:

2 free-range chicken breasts
2 tbsp plain flour
1 egg, beaten
4 tbsp panko breadcrumbs
200ml vegetable oil, for frying
small handful coriander and shredded spring onions

For slaw:

1 carrot, peeled into ribbons or julienned
red cabbage, shredded
1 pak choi, shredded
2 spring onions, finely sliced
2 tbsp rice-wine vinegar or malt vinegar
2 tbsp soy sauce
1 tsp soft brown sugar
1 tsp salt

To serve:

2 brioche buns, cut in half.

METHOD: To make sauce, heat the vegetable oil in pan on medium–high heat.
Add onion, garlic and carrot, cook for few minutes until soft.
Add flour, curry powder, garam masala, and stir till fully coated.
Slowly pour in stock, whisking.
Add honey and soy sauce, simmer 15-20 minutes until thick but pourable.
Set aside on low heat.
For the burgers, coat chicken breasts with flour, egg and panko breadcrumbs.
Heat vegetable oil then cook chicken breasts for 5-8 minutes each side till cooked through.
To make slaw, combine prepped veg in bowl with vinegar, soy sauce, sugar and salt. Stir well.
Then heap slaw on bottom half of bun, top with chicken breast, spoon on sauce, top with coriander and spring onions.

