Southampton 0 Hull 0: Eldin Jakupovic the hero for Hull with 89th minute penalty save as Dusan Tadic fluffs his lines
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3444798/southampton-0-hull-0-eldin-jakupovic-the-hero-for-hull-with-89th-minute-penalty-save-as-dusan-tadic-fluffs-his-lines/
29th April 2017, 4:55 pm
HULL bagged a vital point away from home at Southampton - but have their goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic to thank.
As the teams looked set for a share of the spoils, the referee awarded Southampton a penalty in the 89th minute.
Getty Images7 Maya Yoshida was brought down in the area by Alfred N'Diaye - but the penalty was saved
Getty Images7 Eldin Jakupovic saved Dusan Tadic's 89th minute penalty to secure his Hull side a vital point
Getty Images7 The Hull players congratulate their goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic after his late penalty save
But Dusan Tadic's spot kick was saved in style by Jakupovic in what could prove a crucial point in their relegation battle

Keep up to date with ALL the latest transfer news and speculation with our live transfer feed

Southampton played as though they were on their holidays already, which didn't impress the home support who made their feelings known at half-time with a chorus of boos.
And the substitution of Italian striker Manolo Gabbiadini on the hour left most Saints fans bewildered.
Hull now move three points clear of Swansea, who occupy the final spot in the Premier League bottom three.

Reuters7 Eldin Jakupovic gets thanks from his boss Marco Silva as he proved the hero today at St Mary's
Read MoreExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates Live BlogBLUES NEWS Keep up to date with all the ins and outs from Stamford Bridge 

Facts, Stats, Goals and Lols

The only less pleasing spectacle than this game was Sunsport’s first glimpse in 2017 of a grown man wearing suede moccasins, no socks and too-short trousers. In public.
Talk about a China crisis. This would have been a derby of sorts if the mean old Premier League hadn’t blocked Chinese investors from buying into both clubs.
The brass band which plays outside St Mary’s was on form with its version of Uptown Funk. But the pre-match tannoy anthem We Are Southampton stunk, as usual.
The Hull fans’ excellent chants, “City of culture, we know what we are” and “We’ve got Marco Silva” to the tune of “Glad All Over”, were a welcome distraction from the first half tediums.

Getty Images7 Dusan Tadic missed a glorious chance to win it at the death when he saw his penalty saved


Poor distribution has been a feature of a poor season for Saints’ keeper Fraser Forster and within five minutes his mistake led to a free kick from which Kamil Grosicki hit the post.
Hull left back Andy Robertson really is all left foot, yet repeatedly declined inviting opportunities to cross the ball first time.
What a signing on-loan Andrea Ranocchia has been for Hull. His nudge on Manolo Gabbiadini as the Saints striker tried to meet a Cedric cross was classic snide Italian defending.
Southampton fans are not a particularly happy bunch. There were boos at half time and when Claude Puel took off Gabbiadini with more than half an hour to play.
Saints will have to hope that French winger Sofiane Boufal is a second-season wonder, as Robert Pires turned out to be. Boufal was hooked before the hour, too.
Hull may yet look back on this as an opportunity missed to take all three points, rather than just a second draw from Marco Silva’s eight away games in charge.

Reuters7 Sam Clucas wades in with his congratulations after Eldin Jakupovic saved Dusan Tadic's penalty
Big Picture
7
Upcoming FixturesSouthampton
Sun May 7 - Liverpool (A) - PL
Wed May 10 - Arsenal (H) - PL
Sat May 13 - Middlesbrough (A) - PL
Wed May 17 - Man United (H) - PL
Sun May 21 - Stoke City (H) -PL
Hull
Sat 6 May 6 - Sunderland (H) -PL
Sun 14 May 14 - Crystal Palace (A) - PL
Sun May 21 - Tottenham Hotspur (H) - PL

Social Says
Somebody at that club tell tadic not to take the penalties please, for gods sake.— mark white (@saintmark22) April 29, 2017


I'm glad tadic missed we didn't deserve to win— Max griffin (@maxlee_griffin) April 29, 2017


Would be more than happy if Hull took Puel back on the coach and left Marco Silva at St Mary's #pipedream #saintsfc— Harry Stokes (@HarryStokes_93) April 29, 2017


Hull need to score a goal, 3 points for the taking here!— Fantasy Football Community (@FFCommunity_) April 29, 2017


70 mins gone at home to Hull. Shots on target = 0. Excited Saints fans = 0. #saintsfc— Me (@RhysThomas2014) April 29, 2017


Dream Team Ratings
Southampton: Forster 6, Soares 7, Stephens 7, Yoshida 7, Bertrand 7, Davis 6, Romeu 6, Boufal 6 (Sims 58 6),  Tadic 6, Redmond 6 (Rodriguez, 87 6), Gabbiadini 6 (Long 59 6)
Subs (not used): Cáceres, Ward-Prowse, Højbjerg, Hassen
Goals: None
Booked: None
 
Hull: Jakupovic 8, Elmohamady 6,Ranocchia 7, Maguire 7, Robertson 6, N'Diaye 6, Clucas 7, Markovic 7 (Dawson, 90 6), Goebel 6 (Henriksen 72 6), Grosicki 6 (Huddlestone, 83 6), Niasse 6
Subs (not used): Hernández, Maloney, Marshall, Bowen
Goals: None
Booked: Maguire, Ranocchia, N'Diaye
Star Man
Eldin Jakupovic (Hull)
 
What They Said
Southampton manager Claude Puel: "It's important to take points because we want to finish in the first half of the table.
"Hull City will be a difficult game, we know, it's important to have this good concentration in this game.
"I think it will be just as difficult as the last games against Chelsea and Manchester City. Perhaps it will be more difficult."
Hull head coach Marco Silva on away form: "We need to change, of course we need to change.
"We analysed the last game like normal, and I think it's clear to me and I hope it's clear for our players what we need to do differently.
"We need to keep focus always and play with the same confidence we do at home. We need to keep focus, we conceded goals away on the counter-attack."

