China to put manned space station in orbit around Earth within two years as part of push to become ‘major space power’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/3436573/china-to-put-manned-space-station-in-orbit-around-earth-within-two-years/
28th April 2017, 12:16 pm
CHINA is planning to put a manned space station in orbit around Earth within the next two years as part of an ambitious scheme to dominate the heavens.
Earlier this week, Beijing and the European Space Agency announced plans to build a base on the moon.
EPA3 A Long March CZ-7 carrier rocket carrying the cargo spacecraft Tianzhou-1
AP:Associated Press3 China's Tianzhou-1 cargo spacecraft moves towards the Tiangong-2 space lab for docking
Now China has revealed that work on the base will begin in 2019.
It announced the scheme after performing a successful in-orbit refuelling of its Tianzhou-1 cargo spacecraft.
The Tianzhou-1, China's first cargo spacecraft, launched on April 20 and completed the first of three planned docking attempts with the orbiting Tiangong-2 spacelab two days later, state media reported.
AP:Associated Press3 Technical personnel monitor the automated docking between China's Tianzhou-1 cargo spacecraft and Tiangong-2 space lab from the Beijing Aerospace Control Center in Beijing
The successful five-day refuelling, directed from technicians on Earth and completed on Thursday, is a key milestone toward China's plans to begin sending crews to a permanent space station by 2022.
"This again announces the ambition and aspiration of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese people, and our resolute confidence in becoming a major space power," the space station project's supervisor Wang Zhaoyao told a news briefing in Beijing.
"After completing experimental stage spaceflight missions, we will enter the development and construction phase. According to our plans we will carry out the assembly and construction of China's manned space station between 2019 and 2022."
MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCECORE OF THE PROBLEM? Apple engineer says pressure to design iPhone is reason I’m divorced GRAM SLAM Instagram leaks 'private details' of 49MILLION users – including phone numbers LatestHUNG UP EE back up after five HOUR outage that left thousands unable to make calls ExclusiveNO WEI! EE, O2 and Vodafone slammed for selling Huawei phones 'that might not work' ONE GIANT LEAK Secret Nasa plans for lunar base and 37 rocket launches to the Moon 'leaked' BETTER TOGETHER Clever Netflix trick lets you binge-watch TV with pals from ANYWHERE 
President Xi Jinping has prioritised advancing China's space program to strengthen national security.
The Central Military Commission, chaired by Xi, sent a letter congratulating staff of the Tianzhou-1 mission for "realising our unremitting space dream", according to the official Xinhua news agency.
The U.S. Defense Department has highlighted China's increasing space capabilities, saying it was pursuing activities aimed at preventing other nations from using space-based assets in a crisis.
China insists it has only peaceful ambitions in space, but has tested anti-satellite missiles.





We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368







