Tunnock’s teacakes baker scoops £50,000 off a £2.50 accumulator – after picking his teams at RANDOM
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3407152/tunnocks-teacakes-baker-accumulator-football-win/
25th April 2017, 8:16 am
A LUCKY football fan scooped £50,000 from a £2.50 bet after correctly guessing all 15 results in an accumulator - and is now planning his dream wedding in Las Vegas.
Alan Thomson, 28, says he was in a massive rush on Saturday as he skimmed through the betting coupon, guessing results at random and completing it in 10 seconds.
Betfred2 Alan and Nico are now planning their dream wedding in Las Vegas thanks to the bumper payout
He was so relaxed about his bet that he slept through the final whistles - and only found out the 20,000-1 gamble had come off when he woke up.
Tunnock's teacakes baker Alan told the Daily Record: "When I woke up, I starting checking the results on my phone.
“I got to the fifth or sixth one being OK and kept thinking that the next one would beat me. Then I had 11 right and I started shaking."
Betfred2 Alan said he was in a massive rush and chose the results at random in 10 seconds
He said he had to get his fiancee Nico Love, 22, to check the matches for him.
Alan said: "“he couldn’t believe it either and I think I let out a scream."
The pair are now able to put a deposit down on a house and are planning their dream wedding in Las Vegas.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
Nico said: “Our lives have changed forever. Maybe we’ll ask the Betfred boss Fred Done to our wedding."
He and Nico, from Uddingston, Lanarkshire, had a couple of cans and a Chinese takeaway to celebrate their success.
Rangers fan Alan, who makes the famous Tunnock's teacakes and caramel logs for a living, had to predict whether there would be an odd or even number of goals in the 15 English matches.

But it could all have been very different, with Alan's win only coming in thanks to Jimmy Smith's injury-time equaliser in the Crawley v Carlisle match.
The crucial volley made it 3-3 and an even total of goals to clinch Alan’s bumper payout 430 miles away.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 
 
 
 
 

