What’s on TV tonight? Shows to watch on Wednesday 19 April from Confessions of a Junior Doctor to Masterchef
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/3317256/whats-on-tv-tonight-shows-to-watch-wednesday-19-april-confessions-of-a-junior-doctor-masterchef/
19th April 2017, 12:07 am
WHAT can't you miss on TV tonight? Our guide to the must-see shows...
NEW! Confessions of a Junior Doctor, 9pm, Channel 4
C44 Confessions of a Junior Doctor: It’s not long before this insightful documentary shows us how stretched the NHS has become, with severe bed shortages and staff unable to go home on time most days
Everyone can imagine how tough working in an NHS hospital can be, so imagine how it feels on your first day on the job – especially when you have TV cameras following your journey.
Holly, 28, is one of 63,000 junior doctors working in British hospitals and, as she starts at Northampton General Hospital, her first task is to help a patient sick with pneumonia.
Soon, Holly reveals her worries about the future of the NHS, saying she thinks a large proportion of it runs on the goodwill of the staff.
It’s not long before this insightful documentary shows us how stretched the NHS has become, with severe bed shortages and staff unable to go home on time most days.
Emily (right), who is in her third year of training, finds the stress and long hours of working in palliative care are taking their toll as she candidly admits: “This job has broken me.”
While it’s a distressing watch – you’ll feel exhausted just observing – you’ll definitely have a renewed respect for what these remarkable people do.
Masterchef, 8pm, BBC One
BBC4 Masterchef: John Torode and Gregg Wallace (l-r) are tasked again with whittling eight culinary hopefuls down to three in the last round of heats
John Torode and Gregg Wallace (l-r) are tasked again with whittling eight culinary hopefuls down to three in the last round of heats.
And it’s not just the judges the wannabe chefs have to impress tonight. Three former MasterChef champions, Peter Bayless (2006), James Nathan (2008) and Mat Follas (2009) are the special guests whose taste buds need to be tickled.
NEW! Tonight At The London, Palladium, 8pm, ITV
ITV4 Tonight at The London Palladium: Bradley Walsh is back, welcoming recently re-formed pop group Steps (above) to the stage
Bradley Walsh is back, welcoming recently re-formed pop group Steps (above) to the stage.
Joining them are Emeli Sandé and actor and singer Ben Forster, who performs Music Of The Night from Phantom Of The Opera. Rounding out the bill is the Chinese State Circus, who provide a colourful, visual treat.
It’s like BGT without the madness.
NEW! How to Live Mortgage Free with Sarah Beeny, 8pm, Channel 4
C44 How to Live Mortgage Free with Sarah Beeny: Kimberly, 29, from London was spending £1,700 a month on rent before she shelled out £18,000 on a 100-year-old barge
For most of us, living mortgage-free is a fantasy, but Sarah Beeny meets the people who’ve made the dream a reality.
How? Boats, apparently.
Kimberly, 29, from London was spending £1,700 a month on rent before she shelled out £18,000 on a 100-year-old barge.
But with no experience of building anything, can her dream stay afloat?

Don't know what to watch tonight? Get your daily guide to What's On TV from The Sun Online

