Who is Larkin Cen? 2013 MasterChef finalist – all you need to know about the cooking star
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/3280651/larkin-cen-2013-masterchef-finalist-woky-ko/
13th April 2017, 7:20 pm
Larkin Cen is a chef and director of Asian diner Woky Ko who made it to the MasterChef finals in 2013.
The Bristol based chef was well on the way to being a top lawyer but his raw talent and passion for cooking won through.
BBC4 Larkin Cen and fellow MasterChef finalist Dale Williams
He will be returning to his roots in tonight's episode when he joins fellow 2011 competitors Natalie Coleman and Saira Hamilton as a guest judge.
Who is Larkin Cen?
Larkin Cen’s love of cooking stems all the way back to his parents Chinese takeaway in Cardiff.
His earliest food memory was his grandfather’s roast pork belly and crackling Cantonese-style.
His family had tried to keep him away from food so Larkin could concentrate on his studies and he almost quit law school in his second year to fulfil his desires of being a chef.
After four years working as an employment and HR solicitor Larking finally decided fulfil his life-long dream of becoming a chef.
BBC4 Larkin Cen, Saira Hamilton and MasterChef 2013 winner Natalie Coleman.
When did Larkin make the MasterChef finals?
Larkin was a finalist on MasterChef back in 2013 but unfortunately lost out to eventual winner Natalie Coleman.
He joined MasterChef will the eye to give himself some more credibility as a chef. He trusted his natural talent and his heritage to take him through to the finals.
Reaching the final was one of the ‘most surreal’ things he had ever done and by the end of the competition he felt like a completely different cook.
Whilst he enjoyed experimenting in food he admitted that he had never really made a dessert before the show.
Wales News Service4 Larkin Cen and Dale Williams at their restaurant Hokkei
What has Larkin done since appearing on MasterChef?
Larkin has been very busy since his dramatic finale on MasterChef.
Shortly after the BBC competition ended he quit his job of being a lawyer and opened up a restaurant with fellow finalist Dale Williams, Hokkei.
Following the closure of Hokkei, Larkin worked at the Celtic Manor with a high-end Asian restaurant concept and began working on his next entrepreneurial venture.
In the summer of 2016, Larkin opened Woky Ko in Bristol and has been very happy fulfilling that life-long deam!
@LarkinCen/Twitter4 One of Woky Ko's delicious starters

Most read in LivingTAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work Exclusive'He threatened to kill me' Woman whose ex beat her for FIVE HOURS says he bragged about abuse on Valentine’s Day NOT JUST SPOTS! Six common types of bumps on your skin - and the ones that could be deadly SHEER LUNACY? Braless Sun girl takes to the streets in a sheer top to try out Kendall Jenner's titillating new fashion trend - so would you try it? JAWSOME Can you spot the shark in this Magic Eye image? Experts reveal reason why not everyone can solve 3D brainteasers X APPEAL Remember X Factor’s Craig Colton? This is what he looks like now PicturedBooty-full property Inside the mansion that was home to a lost treasure mystery… and it could be yours for £6million Fab freebies Here’s the the one easy tip to get O2 Priority deals even if you’re not a customer 

