Chinese engineer creates terrifyingly realistic sex robot…and then MARRIES her
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3252832/chinese-engineer-creates-terrifyingly-realistic-sex-robot-and-marries-her/
4th April 2017, 2:25 pm
A robotics engineer has married one of his own creations, he has claimed.
Zheng Jiajia, 31, held a low-key ceremony for himself and his terrifyingly realistic female robot in Hangzhou, according to Chinese Press.
WEIBO3 Zheng Jiajia presents his "bride" YingYing
Robo genius Jiajia used to work at Chinese smartphone giant Huawei, where he founded his own artificial intelligence unit.
He claims his robot bride, which he has named YingYing, can speak simple sentences and understands Chinese characters.
Not content with simple romance, Jiajia is making the most of YingYing's communicative talents and has employed her as his new company's spokeswoman.

3 The robotics genius shows off an example of what is going on underneath bride YingYing’s skin
3 YingYing's creator turned hubby carries her over the threshold..sort of
MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCECORE OF THE PROBLEM? Apple engineer says pressure to design iPhone is reason I’m divorced GRAM SLAM Instagram leaks 'private details' of 49MILLION users – including phone numbers LatestHUNG UP EE back up after five HOUR outage that left thousands unable to make calls ExclusiveNO WEI! EE, O2 and Vodafone slammed for selling Huawei phones 'that might not work' ONE GIANT LEAK Secret Nasa plans for lunar base and 37 rocket launches to the Moon 'leaked' BETTER TOGETHER Clever Netflix trick lets you binge-watch TV with pals from ANYWHERE 
YingYing is the face of his new startup called Brain of Things.
Speaking to a local TV channel, he said he planned to upgrade his new wife so she could complete household chores.
He said: "My dream of making my own spouse finally came true. I want to see robots in every home, and ultimately I want to build a realistic robot girlfriend."
Their wedding ceremony was attended by his mum and close family, and the bride wore traditional garb including a red headscarf.
It's likely that the wedding is an elaborate stunt to promote his own brand of robot wives and girlfriends.
But it could be a chilling sign of things to come.
There have been claims that humans will begin to marry robots by 2050.
Sex robots are already set to fly off the shelves, with a Californian manufacturer preparing for launch this month.


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 
 

