Pepe to leave Real Madrid but will snub Chinese Super League for either Manchester City or Paris Saint-Germain and keep 2018 World Cup dream alive
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3250268/pepe-real-madrid-chinese-super-league-manchester-city-paris-saint-germain-2018-world-cup/
4th April 2017, 9:47 am
PEPE will not move to China the summer as he wants to carry on playing at the highest level in Europe — but not at Real Madrid, according to reports in Spain.
The veteran Portuguese defender had been heavily mooted as the next big-name to make the move to the Chinese Super League, with Manuel Pellegrini's Hebei Fortune the likeliest destination.
Getty Images7 Pepe will leave Real Madrid but not to Chinese Super League in summer
However, Marca report he wants to play for a team in Europe capable of challenging for the Champions League — with Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain the prime candidates.

Keep up to date with ALL the Real Madrid news, gossip and transfers on our club page

Pepe had already decided last summer that his tenth would be his final season with Real Madrid.
And, following the advice of Portugal manager, Fernando Santos, has decided he wants to in Europe.
The Euro 2016 winners harbour hopes of making their mark at the 2018 World Cup.
Getty Images7 Manuel Pellegrini thought he was signing Pepe for his Hebei Fortune side in China
Most Read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
Getty Images7 Pepe has been at Real Madrid for ten years, but will leave club in summer
Getty Images7 Pepe has won the Champions League twice while at Real Madrid
Both City and PSG are in need of an experienced central defender with knowledge of winning the biggest competitions as look to bridge the gap between domestic success and European glory.
The Ligue 1 champions have struggled to cope with loss of David Luiz, and Pep Guardiola wants a steely defender with experience to play alongside John Stones.
Galatasaray are another interested party, but Pepe would prefer to play in one of the continent’s top five leagues.
Reuters7 Pepe and Cristiano Ronaldo celebrate winning Euro 2016 in the summer
Reuters7 Paris Saint-Germain have struggled with the loss of David Luiz in their defence
Getty Images7 John Stones needs a strong, experienced defender alongside him
He turned 34 in February and has won the Champions League twice as well as the European Championships in the summer.
An injury to Raphael Varane means the Portugal international may have a run in the first team.
Real Madrid face a telling month, with clashes against Atletico, Bayern Munich and Barcelona to come.


