Rich House, Poor House shopaholic who spends thousands on shoes and £80 a week getting her make-up done gets a reality check when she’s forced to clean toilets ‘in her Jimmy Choos’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/3231812/rich-house-poor-house-shopaholic-who-spends-thousands-on-shoes-and-80-a-week-getting-her-make-up-done-gets-a-reality-check-when-shes-force-to-clean-toilets-in-her-jimmy-choos/
1st April 2017, 5:25 pm
A RICH shopaholic who spends thousands on designer shoes was brought down to earth by a house swap with a hard-working single mum – when she was forced to do a cleaning job.
In Rich House, Poor House millionaire family the Bentleys swap their four-bed, three-bathroom house in Lincoln, worth around £1million, for a three-bed council house share by Angela Carter-Begbie and her four children.
Channel 54 The Bentleys - pictured outside their four-bed home - spend £60,000 on cars every three years
But for the Bentleys only child, Kaylee, the hardest part is swapping their weekly budget of £1797.43 for Angela’s weekly spend of £138.86.
Kaylee, who describes herself as “quite lavish,” revealed she has over 30 pairs of designer shoes and added: “I try to limit myself but if I see something I like, I get it.
“I don’t worry about much to be honest. Is that really spoilt?”
The programme also revealed that she spends £100 a month on hair colouring and gets her make-up done for a night out twice a week – at £40 a time – as well as getting her hair curled or put up for another £40,
Channel 54 Angela Carter-Begbie and her four kids outside home that they left behind for seven days: (L-R) Lara, Callum, Angela, Josh, Katie
MOST READ IN LIVINGTAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work Exclusive'He threatened to kill me' Woman whose ex beat her for FIVE HOURS says he bragged about abuse on Valentine’s Day NOT JUST SPOTS! Six common types of bumps on your skin - and the ones that could be deadly SHEER LUNACY? Braless Sun girl takes to the streets in a sheer top to try out Kendall Jenner's titillating new fashion trend - so would you try it? JAWSOME Can you spot the shark in this Magic Eye image? Experts reveal reason why not everyone can solve 3D brainteasers 
After discovering the family’s tight weekly budget Kaylee gasped: “I’m literally in shock.
“I just don’t understand how we’re going to do anything. How we’re going to be able to leave the house?”
She added: “That’s petrol for me and that doesn’t even cover my phone bill.”
But the 26-year-old was brought down to earth when she and her mum were forced to do one of the THREE jobs Angela does to make ends meet – and clean someone else’s house.
Disgusted, she complained: “I’m not touching where someone else has been to the toilet. It’s like a public toilet. I wouldn’t even sit on a public toilet.”
She added: “I don’t want to get my feet wet and then put them in my Jimmy Choos.”
However, by the end of the week Kaylee had a complete change of heart.
She was watching the purse strings and complained to mum Sharon when she bought a glass of wine in the pub.
Channel 54 The Bentleys with their dog, outside their Lincoln house
She admitted: “I have never thought about the price of a drink before. I just hand my card over time and time again without thinking.
“It’s really nice but now I feel like it’s a waste of money. I could have just had a coke.”
When she finally returned to her own home, she admitted the life swap had been a reality check.
She said: “We’re going back to our reality which is their dream. If I had to live like that, mentally I couldn’t cope.
“It’s madness how much stuff I have got, Maybe I’m a little bit addicted to shopping,
“Now when I go to buy an expensive pair of shoes I will think how many weeks of Angela’s food bill that would be.”
She also revealed a new appreciation for dad Terry – who built up a £5000 loft insulation firm into a business which turned over £42 million when he sold it to retire at the age of 48.
Crying, she said: “The main reason I got so upset is when you realise how hard dad has had to work to give us the life.
“It was hard for him and it makes me appreciate him and everything he does for us.”
Channel 54 Single mum Angela and her kids live in a three-bed local authority house with one bathroom
In moving scenes in the Channel 4 show Angela, who works as a shop assistant, cleaner and part time masseuse, struggles to make ends meet.
After putting her kids first she said she usually “eats leftover food”.
But on the first night in the massive Lincoln house, she treated the children - Josh, Lara, Callum and Katie – to a blowout Chinese takeaway costing £43.
She said: “That’s a third of what I would earn this week.
“It’s nice that we bought what you liked and don’t have to worry about money.”
The family also go shopping for meat, buying four gourmet burgers, 4 lamb shanks and various artisan sausages before spending a total of £179 on the weekly food bill – three times her normal spend.
She admitted: “I feel such a naughty little girl.”
Angela, who never buys clothes for herself, is also seen splashing out ona pair of £125 boots and a new dress as well as enjoying a night out at a restaurant with the whole family.
But the luxury life brought home her own hardships.

In tears, Angela said: “Having this experience just highlights how much you struggle, “You have days when you get upset because you think ‘I need money for this and money for that’.
“You put a brave face on the world when you open your front door and go out in the world but it is hard because reality has hit me how tough it is.”
But after returning to her own home, at the end of the week, she said the whole experience had been life-affirming.
She said: “It’s brought home how much of a struggle it’s been and what I’ve achieved.
“I’ve brought four children up and I’m giving myself a massive pat on the back. It showed me how wonderful life is.”
Read our exclusive interviews with last week's life swap dads, hardworking dad-of-six Anthony Williams and millionaire James Caddy.  
Rich House, Poor House is on Channel 5 and 9pm on Thursday

