President Trump signs executive order to boost US coal industry and rolls back Obama’s global warming plans
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3201639/president-trump-executive-order-coal-industry-global-warming/
28th March 2017, 9:51 pm
PRESIDENT Trump has signed an executive order which aims to boost the flagging US coal industry and rolls back Barack Obama’s plans to tackle climate change.
The firebrand Republican declared "the start of a new era" in energy production and said the order would revive coal mining and create jobs.
Reuters3 Trump holds up an executive order eliminating Obama-era climate change regulations surrounded by coal workers

The executive order seeks to suspend, rescind or flag for review more than a half-dozen measures in an effort to boost domestic energy production in the form of fossil fuels.
Environmental activists, including former Vice President Al Gore, denounced the plan.
But Trump said the effort would allow workers to "succeed on a level playing field for the first time in a long time."
He said: "That is what this is all about: bringing back our jobs, bringing back our dreams and making America wealthy again.”
MOST READ IN NEWS DYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
Trump was speaking at the Environmental Protection Agency headquarters and was surrounded by a number of coal miners.
The order initiates a review of the Clean Power Plan, which restricts greenhouse gas emissions at coal-fired power plants.
The regulation, which was the Obama’s effort to curb carbon emissions, has been the subject of legal challenges by Republican-led states and those who profit from burning oil, coal and gas.
Getty Images3 President Trump speaks at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Headquarters in Washington after signing the order
But just as Obama's climate efforts were often stymied by legal challenges, environmental groups are promising to fight Trump's pro-fossil fuel agenda in court.
Trump has called global warming a "hoax" invented by the Chinese, and has repeatedly criticised the power-plant rule as an attack on American workers and the struggling US coal industry.
In addition to pulling back from the Clean Power Plan, the administration will also lift a 14-month-old ban on new coal leases on federal lands.
Trump signed the order hours after the White House was dramatically placed on lockdown after a “suspicious package” was discovered.
US Secret Service3 Police are pictured arresting the suspect outside the White House
A suspect was arrested as Secret Service agents cleared all media and visitors from the North Lawn and eagle-eyed snipers were spotted roaming the Presidential property.
The man reportedly approached an officer half a block from the White House and made a ‘suspicious’ comment while holding a package.
Cops detained the suspect and seized the package.


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 

