Inside the US Air Force’s mysterious Boeing X-37 ‘space plane’ that sparked theories America will DROP BOMBS from space
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3198734/inside-the-us-air-forces-mysterious-boeing-x-37-space-plane-that-sparked-theories-america-will-drop-bombs-from-space/
28th March 2017, 3:45 pm
THE mysterious X-37 program has broken its own record for the longest time spent in orbit - helping cement its place in conspiracy theorist folklore.
It has sparked theories it's deploying futuristic monitoring equipment, spying on the Chinese, destroying satellites or even carrying out a covert bombing campaign.
5 A picture of the secret X-37 before it took off for its latest mission in space
5 The X-37 has sparked a wave of conspiracy theories including claims it is "weaponizing" space
The unmanned space plane was first launched in 2006 and to this day its mission objectives have never been publicly revealed.
It first came into existence as a NASA project in 1999, but four years later transferred to the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency - the DoD wing in charge of weapons development.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
After being moved under the management of the agency, it became a classified project and all details of the space ship became top secret.
Measuring around 30ft in length, it is rocket-launched and reusable, meaning it has the capability to land back on earth and be redeployed, dramatically reducing costs.
Rex Features5 The mysterious vehicle was pictured during a test flight in March 2010
It has solar panels to help extend its flight time, while it also has a payload bay to allow deployment and retrieval of objects mid-flight.
It is rumoured to be at the forefront of US plans to "weaponize" space, despite the scant details available in the public domain.
In 2010, SpaceDaily described previous incarnations of the space ship as the culmination of a DoD dream to field a "reusable spacecraft that combines an airplane's agility with the means to travel at 5 miles per second in orbit".
Rex Features5 A graphic of the X-37 in orbit - theorists remain baffled by the reason behind the space plane's flight
It went on suggest it could be deployed as a "johnny-on-the-spot weapons platform" designed to destroy enemy satellites, or as a "launch vehicle" that could deliver bombs or kinetic missiles to any part of the planet.
Conspiracy theorists also claim that instead of destroying satellites, it may be deploying its own.
In 2010, amateur skywatchers told the New York Times they had found clues suggesting it was undergoing reconnaissance flights.
One person claimed to have tracked it passing over the same region once every four days, which was "a common feature of US imaging reconnaissance satellites".

And in 2015 Global Security made the extraordinary - though apparently baseless - claim its main purpose was to monitor the Chinese, thereby forcing its leadership on the back foot.
In 2016, Vladimir Kozin, an analyst at the Russian Institute for Strategic Research told Sputnik Radio: "This is not the first time such an experiment has been carried out," Global Security reported.
"The spacecraft has a large cargo bay capable of carrying space-to-space weapons or weapons which could be used from space to earth.
EPA5 The X-37 residing in its silo before it was launched
"Washington ignores its NATO allies and wants to create in space a platform for future combat actions, not like in George Lucas’ movies, but with real space weapons."
Although the Pentagon has denounced such theories, its extremely rare statements on the space ship appear to be purposely clouded in military jargon.
In 2010, Gary E. Payton, under secretary of the Air Force for space programs, said it seeks "no offensive capabilities", the New York Times reported.
He added: "The program supports technology risk reduction, experimentation and operational concept development."

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.

 

