India’s left-arm wrist-spinner Kuldeep Yadav tears through Australia’s batting line-up… but that’s not why he’s making headlines
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/cricket/3187434/india-left-arm-wrist-spinner-kuldeep-yadav-chinaman-debate/
27th March 2017, 12:25 pm
INDIAN spinner Kuldeep Yadav burst onto the international scene over the weekend as he tore through Australia's top order.
The debutant, 22, helped bowl the Aussies out for 300 - as he took a superb 4-68.
Reuters5 Kuldeep Yadav burst onto the international scene on his India debut this weekend
But that's not the only reason he's been making headlines in recent days.

Keep up to date with ALL the latest cricket news, gossip and rumours.

The youngster bowls the increasingly rare left-arm, wrist-spin - or 'chinaman' as it has been known for nearly a century.
With Yadav being the first of his kind to enjoy international success for many a year, it has thrust the term 'chinaman' back into the spotlight, with the politically-correct modern era debating whether the word is in fact offensive.
AP:Associated Press5 Kuldeep Yadav took four wickets in his first ever Test innings
The term was first coined back in the 1930s when West Indian cricketer Ellis Achong - of Chinese origin - bamboozled batsmen with his mastery of the mystery spin.
Ever since then, the phrase has been uttered without even a thought... in cricketing circles 'chinaman' simply means 'left-arm, wrist-spinner'.
However, during the fourth Test in India, Yadav's success opened up a can of worms, with Australian journalist Andrew Wu first calling the term into question.
PA:Press Association5 Ellis Achong (right) - a West Indian cricketer of Chinese origin - was the first-ever noted left-arm wrist spinner, sparking the term 'chinaman' for his bowling style
What does 'chinaman' mean in cricket?The term 'chinaman' in a cricketing term simply means a left-arm wrist-spinner.
Notable bowlers of that style include Ellis Achong, Paul Adams and Brad Hogg.

My challenge to cricket: get racially offensive terminology out of the game #IndvAus #KuldeepYadav pic.twitter.com/tp9uePlZ2D— Andrew Wu (@wutube) March 25, 2017


He tweeted: "My challenge to cricket: get racially offensive terminology out of the game."
Wu accompanied his tweet with a definition of the world 'chinamen' - with one description reading 'a native of China' and another 'a ball that spins from off to leg, bowled by a left-handed bowler to a right-handed batsman'.
Naturally opinion on Twitter was divided with many suggesting political correctness had gone mad, while others said they would never use the term again.
the term has been around for ages and your the 1st person I have here complain about it, there are more important things in life— Andrew Greenwood (@AndrewGreenwo10) March 26, 2017



Astounding. Chinese-Aussie journo points out that 'chinaman' is derogatory. Gets piled on by white and Indian guys telling him it's fine. https://t.co/mpRihbTVME— Geoff Lemon Sport (@GeoffLemonSport) March 25, 2017


Wu - himself proudly of Chinese heritage - later wrote an opinion piece online asking for an 'adult discussion' regarding the term.
He wrote: "Cricket has a problem. Not a major problem, perhaps even what social media types like to call a first-world problem. But a problem nevertheless.
"Cricket has many quirky and whimsical terms, the origins of which even many tragics of the game would struggle to explain.
Reuters5 Kuldeep Yadav is one of very few left-arm wrist-spin bowlers of the modern era
"Fielding positions like silly mid-off, third man, fine leg and cow corner (in an unofficial capacity) are but a few.
"They are part of the rich fabric of the sport, and may they live on for as long as cricket is played. With the exception of one - the 'chinaman'.
"It's not a term that is commonly heard in cricket, but one that will get a lot of air play this week after spinner Kuldeep Yadav's dream start to his Test career for India.
Reuters5 Kuldeep Yadav's 4-68 in the first innings against Australia sparked a debate
"Why? Because he is what is known in the game as a 'chinaman' bowler - a left-arm spinner who turns the ball back into the right-handed batsman."
Wu then delves into what is and is not offensive in the world of cricket - not just the 'chinaman' - before offering up a suggestion.
He claims: "How about re-naming the delivery the Achong, in honour, rather than dishonour, of the bowler who has not been given due credit in cricket folklore?"
The question now is, after nigh-on a century of use, will this generation become the first to dump 'chinaman' from the cricketing dictionary?


MOST READ IN SPORTExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal 

