Valencia set to leave Man Utd in summer after club decide not to trigger contract extension
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/8542854/antonio-valencia-man-utd-contract-clause-extension/
1st March 2019, 7:52 pm
ANTONIO VALENCIA is set to leave Manchester United this summer after the club decided against triggering a contract extension.
The Red Devils had until 5pm on Friday to activate the clause in Valencia’s current deal, which expires in less than six months.
AP:Associated Press1 Antonio Valencia is set to leave Man Utd after they decided against extending his contract
But United did not take up the option and it now seems that Valencia is destined for the Old Trafford exit at the end of the season.
Despite becoming club captain under Jose Mourinho, Valencia found himself out of the team at the beginning of the season due to fitness issues.
Luke Shaw’s revival saw Ashley Young, who has signed a new deal, moved out to the right, with Diogo Dalot also impressing in his handful of appearances.
And Valencia struggled under both Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to win back his place in the side.
Latest Man Utd newsLive BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal Exclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld PARTEY TIME? Utd and Arsenal boost as Atletico's Partey refuses to rule out transfer 
The Ecuadorian could now be tempted to try his luck abroad, with a number of Chinese clubs said to be interested.
And his exit could open the door for a new full-back to arrive at the Theatre of Dreams.
Jordi Alba was understood to be a target for the Red Devils.
But he is staying put at Barcelona after penning a new lucrative five-year contract.
Manchester United icon Zlatan Ibrahimovic reveals everyone’s been saying IKEA wrong  

