Britain’s biggest OAP charity Age UK are at it again… now it’s an insurance rip-off
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3184877/britains-biggest-oap-charity-age-uk-are-at-it-again-now-its-an-insurance-rip-off/
27th March 2017, 2:44 am
I REGRET to tell you that Britain’s biggest OAP charity, Age UK, is at it again.
Just over a year ago you will remember The Sun revealed energy firm E.ON paid them £6million in return for pushing expensive tariffs.
Getty Images12 Vulnerable people are at risk of being swindled by the charity meant to protect them
Thanks to this paper’s campaign, Age UK cut its ties with E.ON but I have now discovered they are up to their old tricks again, this time with home and contents insurance. And the rip-off is quite shocking.
Financier Andrew Brettell was looking round for cover for his house in Clapham, South West London, and Tesco came up with a very fair £166.40. As he was 52 (you have to be 50-plus to use their site) he went on Age UK and they came back with . . . wait for it . . . £1,154.74, a staggering seven times the Tesco price.
And their explanation was simply bulls**t.
To discover why their price was 600 per cent higher, Mr Brettell contacted Doug Strachan, managing director of the charity’s commercial arm.
12 The disgraced charity is at it again
He explained the increase by saying:

You have a high-value property — that wasn’t a problem for Tesco. Clearly cobblers.
You have lots of flat roofs — that wasn’t a problem for Tesco. Complete cobblers.
Clapham is a high-risk crime area — so is the whole of London. That wasn’t a problem for Tesco. Even more cobblers.
And finally, your YOUNG age — 52? What on earth has that got to do with his home insurance and why didn’t it affect Tesco? Absolute cobblers.

The charity is simply making this stuff up on the hoof. How much of the excessive profit of almost £1,000 over the Tesco price is split between them and their insurance provider Ageas?
Getty Images12 I would suggest telling anyone you know to get the hell out of any scheme they offer
If you or your parents are covered by Age UK, get the hell out of it. There’s something quite wrong with the way this charity exploits older people.
First it was energy, now home insurance. What other tricks are they playing on the old? We should be told.
MOST READ IN OPINIONCommentJANE MOORE Time for something completely different…let's put the boot in at EU elections CommentDAMIAN GREEN How Tory leadership race can lead to every Brit having a shot at the good life CommentALLY ROSS Graham Norton shouldn't have spared Madge's blushes as he lashed Eurovision acts CommentTHE SUN SAYS Hipster who threw MILKSHAKE achieved nothing but to recruit more Farage fans CommentNICK TIMOTHY Tinderbox Tories will get burned at the ballots - they need a new plan CommentTREVOR KAVANAGH Vote for Nigel Farage's Brexit Party this week before BoJo zips into No10 
Day for us dads a boring routine
Getty Images12 Victoria Beckham got a hand-written card from Harper on Mother's Day
THERE is an old Jewish proverb: “God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers.”
I agree with that but why is Mother’s Day such a success both emotionally and commercially (try to book a lunch table) while Father’s Day is a going-through-the-motions routine without any real family commitment? The cards arrive but the heart isn’t there. Discuss.
Instagram / victoriabeckham12 Heart-warming card says 'you are my best friend I ever met'

Hats off to Teegan
TWO daughters, two different paths.
One converts to Islam and wears a full face veil.
I could have run her photo but what would there be to differentiate Andi Masood from any other burka-wearing 24-year-old?
News Group Newspapers Ltd12 Teegan Harvey defied her killer father’s demands to convert to Islam
The other daughter, Teegan, ignored the brainwashing of her vile father – the Westminster Bridge killer Khalid Masood – lives with her mum in Tunbridge Wells, Kent, and embraces the liberal and freedom-loving world of any 18-year-old.
Teegan has a lovely smile.
We will never know what Andi’s looks like. Such a shame.
Twit Jon upsets balance
SO sad to see Jon Snow and the strange crew running Channel Four News making a painful cock-up of the Westminster Bridge massacre by naming the wrong killer, who was in fact languishing in an HMP cell at the time.
PA:Press Association12 Jon Snow in double blunder with Channel Four news
I’m prepared to offer lessons in journalism to C4 next time they doorstep me. Bad that the mistake was, it was a tweet by Jon Snow – 24 hours before the blunder – that caught my attention.
On the death of mass killer Martin McGuinness he said: “A great loss; an extraordinary life that culminated in great service.” A great loss? A great gain in Hell would have been more appropriate.
Channel 412 Simon Israel incorrectly named Abu Izzadeen as the Westminster attacker
He literally sanctioned the deaths of hundreds of innocent people. Why no mention of that, Mr Snow?
This is an issue for media regulator Ofcom, who insist there is balance in news coverage but allow tweets of a one-sided nature which will inform audiences of what the presenters are thinking while asking their questions.
PA:Press Association12 Jon Snow praised killer and former terror chief Martin McGuinness
Snow and the like use Twitter as a cheap form of marketing for their real thoughts. It’s a neat trick now being used by left-wing presenters in radio as well.
If broadcast staff having opinions in a powerful medium like television is to be allowed, I would happily start my own station tomorrow. Over to you, Ofcom.


• AS an endangered species, us Charlton supporters have to stick together, which is why I am grateful to Maurice Seamons for getting in touch.
He was furious with his brokers Bluefin, who said they were “pleased” to tell him his car insurance was £482.11, 50 per cent higher than last year.
All these brokers say they are “pleased” on renewal, and so would I be if I ran their racket. Don’t use them.
Maurice didn’t come to my price comparison site A Spokesman Said but went to Direct Line, where he was covered for £298.10.
Very pleasing.
Do send your saving stories to kelvin@the-sun.co.uk.

A Relief am here to help
WITH the latest stats showing Jockistan has economic issues, health issues, schooling issues and even procreation issues, why doesn’t the BBC stop focusing on Africa and start a Tartan Nose Day for our chums over the border?
12 Red Nose day needs a Celtic re-vamp
My only concern is that the Scots might not contribute to their own charity. I am reminded of the visitor to an Aberdeen bar where beer was being sold at 2p a pint to mark the pub’s centenary.
The bar was empty and the visitor asked where the regulars were. The barman replied: “They’re waiting for Happy Hour.”
PA:Press Association12 The Scots need all the help they can get if Nicola Sturgeon has her way
The Scots are sick of stereotyping, with one emailing the local paper in Dundee saying: “If you print any more jokes about mean Scots I will stop reading your paper in the library.”
Tartan Nose Day is surely an idea of its time.

Punnies
12 Puntastic business names in this weeks 'King of the Puns'
CHIP shop in Treorchy, South Wales,– A Fish Called Rhondda.
Hairdresser’s in Truro, Cornwall – Fat Boy Trims.
Chinese takeaway in St Merryn, Cornwall – Toucan Choo.
Furniture shop in Skegness, Lincs – Suite Dreams.
Dentist’s in Wideopen, Newcastle upon Tyne – Wideopen Dental Practice.
Dog groomer’s in Sydney, Australia – Spic ’n’ Spaniel.

Two daughters, two different paths
One converts to Islam and wears a full face veil. I could have run her photo but what would there be to differentiate Andi Masood from any other burka-wearing 24-year-old?
The other daughter, Teegan, ignored the brainwashing of her vile father – the Westminster Bridge killer Khalid Masood – lives with her mum in Tunbridge Wells, Kent, and embraces the liberal and freedom-loving world of any 18-year-old.
Teegan, right with her mum, has a lovely smile. We will never know what Andi’s looks like. Such a shame.

 
 

