Cheryl fans buzz with excitement as old footage emerges of the star holding a baby – days before she’s expected to announce she’s given birth
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/3178551/cheryl-fans-excitement-old-footage-holding-baby/
25th March 2017, 6:42 pm
EXCITED Cheryl fans were left even more giddy on Twitter today after old footage emerged of the star holding a baby.
This comes as the singer is expected to announce that she has given birth to her child with boyfriend Liam Payne over the next few days.

The adorable clip shows the singer, now 33, being handed a baby clad in a pink coat and a white flower headband.
She smiles as she gazes down at the child and balances her on her hip.
One fan commented: "She's going to be an amazing mommy ❤."
8 Cheryl is seen being handed a cute baby in an old clip
8 Cheryl smiles down at the cute baby in a pink coat and flowery headband
8
Another tweeted: "So happy and proud of her!"
While a third remarked: "So excited to see their little bubba."
It is unknown where the clip originated from.
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 
Cheryl will be offering her child the life she never had after her own tough upbringing on a council estate.
She and Liam have a combined fortune of £40million and will be raising their baby in starkly different circumstances.
The former Girls Aloud singer was raised in one of Newcastle’s roughest council estates in an area called Byker.
Dave Benett8 Cheryl is expected to announce the birth of her child with Liam Payne any day now
Along with her mum, Joan, and siblings Gary, Andrew, Joseph and Gillian, Cheryl endured a difficult childhood which is punctuated by memories of poverty.
She recalled: “I remember living on baked beans, eggs and bread,  if it wasn’t out of date.
“If we got a McDonalds or a Chinese takeaway, oh my God, that was a treat, a luxury."
Rex Features8 Auditioning for Popstars: The Rivals in 2002 turned Cheryl's life around
Getty Images8 Girls Aloud made Cheryl a household name
The rising star’s talent for performing was noticed by Joan, who pushed her to achieve her dreams and aged 11, Cheryl was awarded a scholarship at the Royal Ballet.
Her hard work and determination saw Cheryl rise to the top, winning Popstars: The Rivals in 2002 and joining Girls Aloud.
She achieved worldwide fame and has now amassed a fortune of £20 million – thanks to her successful career in the band and as a solo artist, and through various endorsement and sponsorship deals.
8 Her joyful baby news is something she has wanted for years
Getty Images8 The gorgeous Geordie is now waiting for her little one to arrive
Now Cheryl’s life is a million miles away from the young girl from a run-down estate who dreamed of making it big.
After finding love with Liam, following her upsetting divorce from Frenchman Jean-Bernard Fernandez Versini, it seems her fairytale has come true.
Nesting in Liam’s £5 million Surrey mansion, Cheryl’s surrounded by her closest friends and family as the pair await their arrival of their unborn child.

Got a story? Email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220


