Eden Hazard set for bumper new Chelsea contract to warn off Real Madrid suitors after helping Antonio Conte’s side to top of the Premier League
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3176345/eden-hazard-set-for-bumper-new-chelsea-contract-to-warn-off-real-madrid-suitors-after-helping-antonio-contes-side-to-top-of-the-premier-league/
25th March 2017, 9:50 am
EDEN HAZARD’S title-winning Chelsea performances are set to earn him a massive new contract, according to reports.
The Belgian had a nightmare campaign last season, contributing to Jose Mourinho’s sacking, and looked set for a Stamford Bridge exit with Real Madrid courting him.
Rex Features4 Eden Hazard and Antonio Conte have formed a dream partnership at Chelsea that looks set to continue
But Antonio Conte got the ace back on track and the Telegraph claim his form for the Premier League leaders will be rewarded with a boost to his £200,000-a-week deal.

Keep up to date with ALL the Chelsea news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary.

Rex Features4 The playmaker and his Italian boss are sitting pretty at the top of the table

Hazard is already the Blues’ highest paid player but is well off the mega-money pocketed by European heavyweights Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
The former Lille man is well below the lucre dished out in the Chinese Super League wants wants real competition.
Hazard is often targeted for rough treatment from some of the league’s more industrious defenders, which could have made a switch to the La Liga leaders even more alluring.

most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
Conte had a go at Mourinho and his Manchester United players for targeting the playmaker in their recent FA Cup clash.
But Hazard stood tall and helped his side knock the holders out with a narrow 1-0 win.
Hazard still has three years left of his five year deal, so Roman Abramovich is in no desperate rush to tie him down but must be feeling generous.

Reuters4 Hazard was bashed about by Jose Mourinho's Manchester United side
Rex Features4 The Chelsea No10 has always been targeted by Premier League defenders

Team and individual silverware and awards are headed Hazard’s way at the end of the season – with only N’Golo Kante challenging him for player of the year recognition.
Mourinho once labelled Hazard a £100million player but Conte has refused to be drawn in on the speculation around his star man.
Conte said: “I'm not very good to put a price on a player. I think Eden, for sure, is a great player. A top player. He's in a level very high.
"But I don't see the problem, because we don't want to sell him. He hasn't a price now."


