Pregnant Cheryl will offer her first child the life she never had after tough upbringing on rough council estate where she lived in hand-me-downs and only ate bread
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/3173059/pregnant-cheryl-will-offer-her-first-child-the-life-she-never-had-after-tough-upbringing-on-rough-council-estate-where-she-lived-in-hand-me-downs-and-only-ate-bread/
24th March 2017, 6:15 pm
CHERYL has made no secret of her difficult upbringing: admitting that she could have become a drug addict if she’d have stayed on the Newcastle council estate she was born on.
But as she awaits the birth of her first born with her boyfriend Liam Payne, the couple – with their combined fortune of £40 million – will be raising their child in starkly different circumstances.
Rex Features13 From one of Newcastle's roughest council estates to a £5 million Surrey mansion: Cheryl's unborn child's life is going to hugely different to hers
Cheryl, 33, was raised in one of Newcastle’s roughest council estates in an area called Byker.
Along with her mum, Joan, and siblings Gary, Andrew, Joseph and Gillian, Cheryl endured a difficult childhood which is punctuated by memories of poverty.
She recalled: “I remember living on baked beans, eggs and bread,  if it wasn't out of date.
“If we got a McDonalds or a Chinese takeaway, oh my God, that was a treat, a luxury.
Rex Features13 The wannabe popstar was determined to make a better life for herself and her family
Rex Features13 Auditioning for Popstars: The Rivals in 2002 turned her life around
“I grew up in a tough area in Newcastle. I saw drug and alcohol abuse, crime and poverty.”
Although Joan worked hard, Cheryl and her siblings were helped out by their surrounding community – who passed down used clothes and toys.
Rex Features13 She managed to turn her life around and became world famous
Rex Features13 Her beloved mother Joan has been by her side the whole way
Cheryl said: “I'd get a Barbie that was four years out of fashion from the girl in the street who didn't want it anymore. And I'd get hand-me-downs from a girl up the road who got everything she wanted.”
The rising star’s talent for performing was noticed by Joan, who pushed her to achieve her dreams and aged 11, Cheryl was awarded a scholarship at the Royal Ballet.
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 
Getty Images13 Girls Aloud made Cheryl a household name
Rex Features13 And she quickly became the nation's sweetheart
Cheryl got out at the right time, her brother Andrew became addicted to drugs shortly afterwards and has been in and out of jail for the past decade.
She’s never forgotten her roots and has previously admitted she could have turned to drugs and crime if she’d not been given the opportunity she had.
Cheryl explained: “If I didn't having [my dancing], and I wasn't lucky enough to come to dance classes or had that discipline instilled in me…I could have been a drug addict. I could have been in prison.”
Getty Images - WireImage13 Joan pushed Cheryl to achieve her dreams
Her hard work and determination saw Cheryl rise to the top, winning Popstars: The Rivals in 2002 and joining Girls Aloud.
She achieved worldwide fame and has now amassed a fortune of £20 million – thanks to her successful career in the band and as a solo artist, and through various endorsement and sponsorship deals.
Now Cheryl’s life is a million miles away from the young girl from a run-down estate who dreamed of making it big.
After finding love with Liam, following her upsetting divorce from Frenchman Jean-Bernard Fernandez Versini, it seems her fairytale has come true.
Getty Images13 Cheryl created her own success from nothing and is held up as an inspiration by many young women
13 Her joyful baby news is something she has wanted for years
Nesting in Liam’s £5 million Surrey mansion, Cheryl’s surrounded by her closest friends and family as the pair await their arrival of their unborn child.
A Silvercross pram, which retail at around £1,250, has been delivered and her famous pals – including Kimberley Walsh and Simon Cowell – will no doubt spoil the new family rotten when their little one arrives.
Splash News13 Cheryl's devoted boyfriend Liam Payne is by her side
GC Images13 The couple revealed their happy news in November 2016
Getty Images13 The gorgeous Geordie is now waiting for her little one to arrive
Despite her wealth and comfort, Cheryl’s determined to make sure her child isn’t spoilt.
She said: “I’ll definitely let my kids know that life’s not a bowl of cherries and yes, you might have wonderful things, but believe me, you’ve got to appreciate them.
“There’s no way they’ll get everything they want.”


Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220


