Loving couple’s trip of a lifetime left husband dead after day of terror at Westminster
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3164352/iconic-image-of-blood-soaked-woman-pictured-staring-into-camera-is-american-wife-of-third-london-terror-victim/
23rd March 2017, 6:26 pm
A COUPLE on their last day of a dream European holiday became Westminster terrorist Khalid  Masood’s first victims, it emerged yesterday.
Americans Kurt and Melissa Cochran, celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary,  were sent flying when the maniac’s speeding Hyundai  mounted the pavement.
Reuters8 Melissa Cochran, 45, lies stricken on the pavement after being mown down by the terror attacker
8 Injured Melissa's husband died after being hurled over Westminster Bridge and onto a walkway below
Musician Kurt, 54, was killed after being thrown over the edge of Westminster Bridge on to concrete steps below. Melissa, 46, survived and was last night recovering in hospital from  injuries including a broken leg and rib.  The couple had been due to fly home yesterday to  West Bountiful, Utah.
Spaniard Aysha Frade, 43, was also killed after being hit by Masood’s hired 4x4 as she went to collect her kids from school.
And a  75-year-old man  injured during  Wednesday’s carnage died in  hospital after his life support was turned off yesterday.
8 Friends said that the loss of Kurt had rocked the family
8 Melissa had been travelling with Kurt Cochran when they were both hit on Westminster Bridge, with Kurt tragically dying from his injuries
PM Theresa May had told MPs yesterday that around 40 were injured, with 29 people from 11 different countries still in hospital.  Three police officers on their way back from a bravery award ceremony were among them, with one critically ill last night.
Kurt and Melissa, who ran a recording studio back home, were at  the end of a “dream” month-long trip of Europe — with London their final call after  Holland, Germany, Scotland and Ireland.
Most read in newsGAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack FARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone HAMM SLAM Philip Hammond sparks uproar from Brexiteers in rant over consequences of No Deal CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM 
Last month  Melissa posted a picture of the lovebirds smooching on Facebook, to which a pal  replied: “Get a room you hoodlums!”
The pair had been enjoying the stunning views of Westminster while strolling  over its famous bridge when  tragedy struck.
Photographer Toby Melville was standing ten yards from the spot where Kurt fell.
He said: “There was a lot of blood coming from his head. I thought this must be a domestic or a horrible accident. It was just surreal and it was a fairly quick computation this was a serious incident and a lot of people were injured.”
Facebook8 Melissa Cochran, 46, and husband Kurt, 54, were celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary on a tour of Europe

As passers-by raced to Kurt’s aid,  Melissa was pictured on the bridge with blood pouring from her head being comforted by a stranger.
Shocked relatives yesterday told how the tragedy in London had “rocked them to the core”.
Sister-in-law Shantell  Payne said: “With a heavy heart I must pass the sad news of our beautiful brother, father, husband, son and friend Kurt Cochran.
“This pain is so heart-wrenching and raw it has rocked our family and all that knew him to its core.
“We will miss Kurt beyond words. We love you Kurt. Melissa is in the hospital with a broken leg, rib and a cut on her head but will recover from her injuries. Sending all the love to her for a quick recovery. While we are glad she survived, our hearts are broken and will never be the same after losing our dear uncle, brother-in-law, father.
“Kurt, you are a hero, and we will never forget you.”
8 Melissa remains in hospital with devastating injuries after the crash

In a statement the family said it was “heartbroken”, adding: “Kurt was a good man and a loving husband to our daughter and sister, Melissa. He will be greatly missed.”
US President Donald Trump described Kurt as “a great American”, tweeting: “My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.”
The 29 in hospital as Theresa May spoke included 12 Brits, four South Koreans, two Romanians, two Greeks and one German.
Facebook8 Aysha Frade, a victim of yesterday's atrocity in Westminster, pictured with husband John Frade

One Pole, one Irish, one Chinese, one Italian and American Melissa made up the rest, along with three French teenagers from a private sixth-form college in Brittany.
Their parents arrived in London on Wednesday night on a French government jet.
The country’s Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault also visited the injured students in hospital.
Kilian, a classmate, told his mum on text: “We saw the car hit the group. Twenty seconds more and it would have been us.” He said his friend Clément had been “brushed” by the “crazy car” but been unscathed.
Also hurt were four students in a group of 13 visiting London from Edge Hill University in Ormskirk, Lancs, including one with head injuries.
8



