First Choice holidays sued by Brit nurse after ‘dodgy Chinese at luxury Caribbean hotel left her with stomach troubles for a year’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3147719/first-choice-holidays-sued-dodgy-chinese-stomach-troubles/
22nd March 2017, 8:36 am
A NURSE is suing holiday giants First Choice after claiming a Chinese meal on a luxury Caribbean break left her with stomach troubles - lasting over a YEAR.
Nicola Brown, 36, said she was hit with severe gastroenteritis days into a fortnight's holiday with partner Andrew Greenwood, 44.
Cavendish Press6 Nicola Brown, 36, was struck down by a severe bout of gastroenteritis just days into a fortnight's holiday with partner Andrew Greenwood
Cavendish Press6 She is now suing the holiday company after she says the troubles have lasted for more than a year
The pair were staying at the four star Dreams Palm Beach Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic.
The nurse spent four days in a medical centre on the island state on an IV drip. She was discharged and returned to the hotel but remained sick for the rest of her £3,500 ''once in lifetime'' trip in January last year.
A year on, Miss Brown of Oakworth, near Keighley, West Yorkshire claims she still suffers upset stomachs which she blames on eating under-cooked chicken during a meal at one of the hotel's eight gourmet restaurants and is taking legal action against the travel company.
She said: "Being admitted to that hospital was one of the most traumatic and frightening experiences of my life.
"It was a total nightmare being alone in a foreign hospital - I was moved to a room on my own with the door shut, nurses coming in and out bringing me intravenous drugs with, as far as I was aware, no knowledge of whether or not I had any allergies and no identity checks were ever done.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
"I am a nurse myself and I am fully aware of just how important these checks are. I was left alone for long periods with no way of calling the nurses and at one point I was hallucinating, as I could see shapes and patterns moving on the wall.
"Myself and Andrew must have run up around £200 worth of mobile phone bills between us as we needed to keep in contact with each other as well as relatives in the UK. Even today, I still do not feel fully recovered.
"My stomach is now very sensitive and can become easily upset, with vomiting and diarrhoea reoccurring if I eat any rich foods.
"I firmly believe that undercooked chicken served at Dreams Palm Beach was the cause of my illness and continued symptoms. I ate a Chinese meal on the hotel complex which did not smell as it should. I did not finish the meal but I was sure the chicken was not cooked properly.
Cavendish Press6 Pictured here after she became unwell - she believed undercooked chicken was the cause of the problems
Cavendish Press6 A picture of the drip Miss Brown was put on after she became unwell while on holiday
She added: "When we went out there, I felt so excited and it was a dream come true for me as I had never been anywhere so exotic before. We had spent months of saving and willing for our holiday to arrive and when we got out there, the resort was so beautiful and appeared to be exceeding our expectations.
''But after that meal, the pain was so severe, it felt as though I'd been kicked really hard in the stomach, I couldn't keep anything down. I felt faint and was becoming progressively weaker. My partner, at this point, became worried and urged me to see the hotel staff.
"I broke down when speaking to the concierge because I just felt so ill and quite frightened at this point. She organised for me to see the onsite doctor who arranged immediate transfer for me to the hospital.
After she was discharged from hospital, Miss Brown remained on a two-hourly cocktail of prescribed medication.
She said: "I was basically drinking water for the rest of our holiday and eating very plain food. Sitting in the sun was not possible as I continued to have severe headaches from the dehydration and electrolyte imbalance.
Cavendish Press6 The Dreams Palm Beach Punta Cana hotel in the Dominican Republic, where the pair were staying
Cavendish Press6 Miss Brown said the couple had been looking forward to the holiday at the luxury hotel, pictured here
"Our holiday was ruined. I feel like we just ended up paying thousands for a total nightmare. We're so unhappy with the loss of so much money and more importantly, the loss of our dream holiday. We were considering an earlier flight home as I felt so distressed but we persevered.
"Arriving home was the biggest relief ever. I was literally counting the hours down until we touched down back in the UK.''
Sue Robinson, expert travel law solicitor at Your Holiday Claims, a division of Farnworth Rose solicitors, who is handling Miss Brown's case, said: "Unfortunately, all too often we hear from holidaymakers who, like Miss Brown, have spent months, if not years, trying to reach a satisfactory conclusion directly with their tour operator.
"In our experience, we find that if tour operators respond to a complaint at all, this is usually in the form of travel vouchers or small monetary amounts. Such offers can seriously undervalue your claim and leave you undercompensated for the illness you suffered.
"I would advise anyone who has fallen foul of hygiene standards on a package holiday within the last three years to come forward and seek legal advice. There is no need to suffer in silence.''
A spokesman for First Choice said: ''We're sorry to hear of Miss Brown and Mr Greenwood's experience. As we understand this matter is now subject to legal proceedings it would be inappropriate to comment at this time.
"We'd like to reassure customers that we regularly audit all accommodations we feature in respect of health and safety, including hygiene."

In a separate case, Brits hoping to enjoy an idyllic winter getaway over December hit out at holiday firm Thomson after they were left bed-ridden and battling a severe vomiting bug.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.


