Wayne Rooney Chinese Super League move back on agenda as World Cup dreams hang in the balance
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3112131/wayne-rooney-chinese-super-league-world-cup/
17th March 2017, 8:54 am
WAYNE ROONEY'S move to the Chinese Super League is set to be re-ignited with his World Cup dreams now hanging in the balance.
Rooney rejected the chance to secure a lucrative move to China last month because he still wanted to lead England in Russia next year.
Getty Images4 Wayne Rooney has been axed from the latest England squad and is now fighting to make it to the World Cup next summer
But the Manchester United star's international career is now in danger of being over after he was dropped by Gareth Southgate for the qualifier against Lithuania and friendly with Germany.

Keep up to date with ALL the Manchester United news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

Southgate has wasted little time making clear he does not regard Rooney as a special case even though he held the position of England captain under previous managers Roy Hodgson and Sam Allardyce.
PA:Press Association4 England boss Gareth Southgate has shown he will not give Wayne Rooney special treatment
The England boss has now stripped Rooney of the captaincy in a symbolic move that spells the beginning of the end of his 15-year international career.
Southgate has made it clear he cannot pick Rooney while he is not playing regular first team football at Old Trafford - and even then his place in the squad is in doubt with Harry Kane, Jamie Vardy and now Jermain Defoe all ahead of him in the pecking order.
CSL club Tianjin Quanjian made a serious effort to sign Rooney last month, and talks were at such an advanced stage a £1million-a-week deal, accommodation and travel plans had even been agreed.
Most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
His agent Paul Stretford even flew out to China to hold face-to-face talks, but Rooney decided to spurn the lucrative deal on offer because he was still more interesting in representing his country.
Now that door is beginning to close on him, the move to China is set to be revived and yesterday's squad announcement has not gone unnoticed in Tianjin.
SunSort understands the line of conversation is still open between the Rooney camp and Tianjin , and the club would be interested in trying again to make a move happen in the summer.
PA:Press Association4 Rooney is also likely to leave Manchester United this summer
Getty Images4 Tianjin Quanjian boss Fabio Cannavaro came close to signing Wayne Rooney last month
Rooney is almost certain to be heading out of Old Trafford with boss Jose Mourinho making it clear he does not play a huge part in his plans for the future.
Former club Everton are interested in taking him back, but a move to Goodison Park would see him having to take a huge pay cut.
And even then there are no guarantees he would be a regular starter in Ronald Koeman's side as he struggles to find a settled position.
That is why a move abroad is just as likely, with China and MLS in America the only realistic options on the table.


