Napoli’s Dries Mertens will snub Inter Milan interest for a ‘dream’ move to the Premier League
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3102003/napoli-dries-mertens-snub-inter-milan-dream-move-premier-league/
16th March 2017, 7:44 am
DRIES MERTENS will snub Inter Milan's interest for a "dream" move to the Premier League, according to reports.
The Napoli forward has been engaged in a long-running stand-off over his contract with club bosses.
Getty Images3 Dries Mertens wants a move to the Premier League
And with 19 goals in 25 appearances he is one of Europe's most in-demand goalscorers this season.

Who is Napoli star Dries Mertens and where could he end up this summer? Football Whispers have all the answers

Inter Milan want to add him to their ranks but Mertens, 29, wants to crack England as his career enters its twilight, say hln.be.
Mertens' contract expires next summer and he has reportedly been trying to work the details of a new Napoli deal since 2014.
Reuters3 Dries Mertens is having the season of a lifetime but will not be drawn on Inter Milan's interest
Getty Images3 At the age of 29, Dries Mertens wants to challenge himself in the Premier League before it's too late

Most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
But now that appears unlikely he is targeting the Prem and reports earlier last week said he held talks with officials from Manchester United.
Mertens has also attracted interest from the Chinese Super League but it looks like that move has cooled.
It is claimed he is happy living in Naples but is drawn to the challenge the English top flight represents.
His record in Serie A has drawn comparisons to fellow countrymen Eden Hazard and Kevin DeBruyne so it would be no surprise to see him follow them to the Prem.

