Oscars 2019 nominations revealed in full – from A Star Is Born to Roma
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/8253598/oscars-2019-nominations-full/
24th February 2019, 12:00 pm
THE world of film is getting ready to celebrate the 2019 Academy Awards.
Here's everything you need to know about this year's Oscar nominations.
AFP or licensors7 The Oscar nominations are out for the 2019 Academy Awards
What are the 2019 Oscar nominations?


Olivia Colman's period comedy-drama The Favourite and Netflix's black-and-white epic Roma lead this year's Oscar race, with 10 nominations each.
The other contenders include A Star Is Born and Vice with eight each, followed by Black Panther with seven.
Black Panther is the first superhero movie to be nominated for best picture.

Here's the list of nominations:

Best Actress

Yalitza Aparicio - Roma. Yalitza plays Cleodegaria "Cleo" Gutiérrez in this film which centres on her character's work as a maid in the 70s in Mexico.
Glenn Close - The Wife.  Glenn plays the title role of a woman who questions her life choices as she travels to Stockholm with her husband, where he is slated to receive the Nobel Prize for Literature. She has also been nominated for a Bafta.
Olivia Colman - The Favourite. Olivia is riding high at the moment, with her role of Queen Anne in The Favourite particular garnering her praise. She won Best Actress in a Comedy at the Critics' Choice Awards.
Lady Gaga - A Star Is Born. Lady Gaga is more commonly known for her songs, but in this film she combines acting with music and takes on the lead role of Ally.
Melissa McCarthy - Can You Ever Forgive Me? Melissa has seen her star soar over the last few years and is now one of Hollywood's leading ladies. She plays Lee Israel, a writer who falls on hard times. She is also nominated for a Bafta.

7 Olivia Colman is strongly tipped to win the Best Actress award
Best Actor

Christian Bale - Vice. Christian Bale scooped a Golden Globe for his role of Dick Cheney, so he could be on for a win at the Oscars.
Bradley Cooper - A Star Is Born. The handsome actor will be hoping for a win for his role as Jackson Maine in A Star Is Born.
Rami Malek - Bohemian Rhapsody. Rami has shot to international stardom thanks to his role of Freddie Mercury in this British film. He also won a Best Actor gong at the Golden Globes.
Willem Dafoe - At Eternity's Gate. A look at the life of painter Vincent van Gogh (played by Willem) during the time he lived in Arles and Auvers-sur-Oise, France.
Viggo Mortensen - Green Book. Viggo has also been nominated for a Bafta. This could be his year for an Oscar for his role of Tony Lip in Green Book.

AP:Associated Press7 Rami Malek is strongly tipped to win the Best Actor award
Best Supporting Actress

Amy Adams - Vice. For this film Amy teamed up with her American Hustle co-star Christian Bale. She is nominated for playing Lynne Cheney in the movie.
Marina De Tavira - Roma. Marina plays Sofia, the mother of the family that employs a maid in 1970s Mexico.
Regina King - If Beale Street Could Talk. She plays Sharon Rivers in this movie set in 1970s Harlem.
Emma Stone - The Favourite. Darling of Hollywood Emma plays Abigail who becomes the Queen's lover.
Rachel Weisz -The Favourite. Rachel is up against her co-star Emma. She will be hoping to bag that Bafta for her role of Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough, who vies for the Queen's affection with Abigail.

AP:Associated Press7 Emma Stone is up for the Best Support Actress gong for The Favourite
Best Supporting Actor

Mahershala Ali - Green Book. Mahershala has proved himself to be a top class actor on both the big and small screen. He takes on the role of "Doc" Don Shirley.
Adam Driver - BlacKkKlansman. He shot to fame in TV series Girls but has quickly become a sort after movie actor. In this Spike Lee film he plays Detective Philip "Flip" Zimmerman.
Sam Elliott - A Star is Born. Sam plays Bobby, who supports his drug and alcohol addicted brother.
Richard E Grant - Can You Ever Forgive Me? The esteemed actor teams up with Melissa McCarthy for this movie playing Jack Hock.
Sam Rockwell - Vice. Sam takes on the challenging role of former president George W. Bush.

Best Director

Spike Lee - BlacKkKlansman. Spike will be hoping to bag his second Oscar after winning back in 2015.
Pawel Pawlikowski - Cold War. Pawel tells the story of the Cold War in Poland, where two people of differing backgrounds and temperaments begin an almost impossible romance.
Yorgos Lanthimos - The Favourite. This film has bagged the most nominations and Yorgos will be hoping to land the Best Director gong.
Alfonso Cuaron - Roma. Alfonso's movie is strongly tipped to win big at the Oscars and the director is currently favourite to win this award.
Adam McKay - Vice. Adam will be hoping to bag his second award after winning Best Adapted Screenplay for The Big Short.

Best Picture

Black Panther - T'Challa, heir to the hidden but advanced kingdom of Wakanda, must step forward to lead his people into a new future and must confront a challenger from his country's past.
BlacKkKlansman - Ron Stallworth, an African American police officer from Colorado Springs, successfully manages to infiltrate the local Ku Klux Klan branch with the help of a Jewish surrogate who eventually becomes its leader. Based on actual events.
Bohemian Rhapsody - The story of the legendary rock band Queen and lead singer Freddie Mercury, leading up to their famous performance at Live Aid (1985).
The Favourite - In early 18th century England, a frail Queen Anne occupies the throne and her close friend, Lady Sarah, governs the country in her stead. When a new servant, Abigail, arrives, her charm endears her to Sarah.
Green Book - A working-class Italian-American bouncer becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South.
Roma - A year in the life of a middle-class family's maid in Mexico City in the early 1970s.
A Star is Born - A passionate love story between two people of different backgrounds and temperaments, who are fatefully mismatched and yet condemned to each other.
Vice - The story of Dick Cheney, an unassuming bureaucratic Washington insider, who quietly wielded immense power as Vice President to George W. Bush, reshaping the country and the globe in ways that we still feel today.

Google7 Vice starring Christian Bale is up for Original Screenplay
Best Original Screenplay

The Favourite - In early 18th century England, a frail Queen Anne occupies the throne and her close friend, Lady Sarah, governs the country in her stead. When a new servant, Abigail, arrives, her charm endears her to Sarah.
First Reformed - A minister of a small congregation in upstate New York grapples with mounting despair brought on by tragedy, worldly concerns and a tormented past.
Green Book - A working-class Italian-American bouncer becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South.
Roma - A year in the life of a middle-class family's maid in Mexico City in the early 1970s.
Vice - This biographical comedy-drama was written and directed by Adam McKay about former Vice President of the US, Dick Cheney.

Best Adapted Screenplay

The Ballad of Buster Scruggs - Six tales of life and violence in the Old West, following a singing gunslinger, a bank robber, a traveling impresario, an elderly prospector, a wagon train, and a perverse pair of bounty hunters.
BlacKkKlansman - The film was adapted from the 2014 memoir Black Klansman by Ron Stallworth.
Can You Ever Forgive Me? - When Lee Israel falls out of step with current tastes, she turns her art form to deception.
If Beale Street Could Talk - A woman in Harlem embraces her pregnancy while she and her family struggle to prove her fiancé innocent of a crime.
A Star is Born - A musician helps a young singer find fame, even as age and alcoholism send his own career into a downward spiral.

Splash News7 Bohemian Rhapsody is also nominated in this year's Oscars
Best Original Score

Black Panther - This film from Marvel Studios has an original score composed by Ludwig Goransson.
BlacKkKlansman - Terence Blanchard composed the music for this comedy/
If Beale Street Could Talk - Nicholas Britell teams up with Barry Jenkins again to score this 1970s film.
Isle of Dogs - The soundtrack to this animation was largely composed by Alexandre Desplat.
Mary Poppins Returns - Composer Marc Shaiman wrote original songs for this classic follow-up.

Best Short Film

Detainment - Two ten year-old boys are detained by police under suspicion of abducting and murdering a toddler. A true story based on interview transcripts and records from the James Bulger case which shocked the world in 1993.
Fauve - Set in a surface mine, two boys sink into a seemingly innocent power game with Mother Nature as the sole observer.
Marguerite - An ageing woman and her nurse develop a friendship that inspires her to unearth unacknowledged longing and thus help her make peace with her past.
Mother - A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence.
Skin - A destitute young man, raised by racist skinheads and notorious among white supremacists, turns his back on hatred and violence to transform his life, with the help of a black activist and the woman he loves.

Best Animated Short Film

Animal Behaviour - Animated anthropomorphized characters in a therapy session.
Bao - A Chinese-Canadian woman suffering from empty nest syndrome gets a second shot at motherhood when one of her handmade dumplings comes alive.
Late Afternoon - An elderly woman drifts back through her memories. She exists between two states, the past and the present.
One Small Step - The story of Luna, a Chinese American girl who dreams of becoming an astronaut.
Weekends - The story of a young boy shuffling between the homes of his recently divorced parents. Surreal dream-like moments mix with the domestic realities of a broken up family in this hand animated film set in 1980's Toronto.

Best Film Editing

BlacKkKlansman - Ron Stallworth, an African American police officer from Colorado Springs, successfully manages to infiltrate the local Ku Klux Klan branch with the help of a Jewish surrogate who eventually becomes its leader. Based on actual events.
Bohemian Rhapsody - The story of the legendary rock band Queen and lead singer Freddie Mercury, leading up to their famous performance at Live Aid (1985).
The Favourite - In early 18th century England, a frail Queen Anne occupies the throne and her close friend, Lady Sarah, governs the country in her stead. When a new servant, Abigail, arrives, her charm endears her to Sarah.
Green Book - A working-class Italian-American bouncer becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South.
Vice - The story of Dick Cheney, an unassuming bureaucratic Washington insider, who quietly wielded immense power as Vice President to George W. Bush, reshaping the country and the globe in ways that we still feel today.

Warner Bros7 Bradley Cooper could scoop Best Director for A Star Is Born
Best Sound Editing

Black Panther - T'Challa, heir to the hidden but advanced kingdom of Wakanda, must step forward to lead his people into a new future and must confront a challenger from his country's past.
Bohemian Rhapsody - The story of the legendary rock band Queen and lead singer Freddie Mercury, leading up to their famous performance at Live Aid (1985).
First Man - A look at the life of the astronaut, Neil Armstrong, and the legendary space mission that led him to become the first man to walk on the Moon on July 20, 1969.
A Quiet Place - In a post-apocalyptic world, a family is forced to live in silence while hiding from monsters with ultra-sensitive hearing.
Roma - A year in the life of a middle-class family's maid in Mexico City in the early 1970s.

Best Foreign Language Film

Capernaum - While serving a five-year sentence for a violent crime, a 12-year-old boy sues his parents for neglect.
Cold War - A passionate love story between two people of different backgrounds and temperaments, who are fatefully mismatched and yet condemned to each other.
Never Look Away - German artist Kurt Barnert has escaped East Germany and now lives in West Germany, but is tormented by his childhood under the Nazis and the GDR-regime.
Roma - A year in the life of a middle-class family's maid in Mexico City in the early 1970s.
Shoplifters - A family of small-time crooks take in a child they find outside in the cold.

Best Animated Feature

Incredibles 2 - The Incredibles hero family takes on a new mission, which involves a change in family roles: Bob Parr (Mr Incredible) must manage the house while his wife Helen (Elastigirl) goes out to save the world.
Isle of Dogs - Set in Japan, Isle of Dogs follows a boy's odyssey in search of his lost dog.
Mirai - A young boy encounters a magical garden which enables him to travel through time and meet his relatives from different eras, with guidance by his younger sister from the future.
Ralph Breaks the Internet - Six years after the events of Wreck-It Ralph, Ralph and Vanellope, now friends, discover a wi-fi router in their arcade, leading them into a new adventure.
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse - Teen Miles Morales becomes Spider-Man of his reality, crossing his path with five counterparts from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities.

More on the Oscars 201900-villain All you need to know about Oscar winner Rami Malek SCREEN QUEEN Who is Brie Larson? All you need to know about the Captain Marvel star O CAPTAIN! MY CAPTAIN Captain America actor Chris Evans to 'retire' from role after 8 years no cols barred Meet Olivia Colman, Oscar winner and star of The Favourite JENNY FROM THE BLOCK Everything you need to know about actress and singer Jennifer Lopez Exclusive'SHE SENT ME GAGA' My guy's female best friend made me feel insecure & stunned me with kiss ExclusiveSTRESSED SPICE Geri Horner admits she's anxious about Spice Girls reunion after failures SCHOOLED 'EM Lady Gaga has last laugh over uni bullies who said 'you'll never be famous' 'FOOLED YA' Gaga says she & Bradley Cooper did 'good job' convincing fans they were in love GIRL-CODE BREAKER Why women are rooting for Bradley to dump his baby mama Irina for Gaga 'WHAT A TRAVESTY' Oscars slammed for leaving Verne Troyer off the In Memoriam tribute BAD ROMANCE Lady Gaga’s ex fiancé takes a swipe at ‘weird’ star after Bradley Cooper duet 
When are the Oscars 2019?
The Oscars 2019, or the 91st Academy Awards will be held TONIGHT on February 24, 2019.
The event will be broadcast on Sky, and will also be able to view on NOW TV with a Sky cinema pass.
In an official announcement, the Academy announced that the following year the awards will be brought forward to February 9, 2020.
They also revealed the introduction of a new category designed around achievement in popular film as well as a more globally accessible, three-hour telecast.

