Girl, 24, hired thugs to KILL her parents after her dad exposed lies she’d told to cover up failing grades
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/3056622/girl-24-hired-thugs-kill-parents-dad-exposed-lies-cover-up-failing-grades/
12th March 2017, 12:14 am
SOBBING down the phone to emergency services, Jennifer Pan begged: “Help me, please! I need help. I don’t know where my parents are… Please hurry.”
Hours later, when the 24 year old was interviewed by police, she tearfully explained she’d been in her bedroom on November 8, 2010, when she heard unfamiliar voices downstairs and suddenly the anxious cries of her mother.
Court Exhibits14 Jennifer Pan recruited hitmen to kill her parents and lied to the police about her crime
“I was frozen in my room,” Jennifer told officers.
“I didn’t turn the TV off because I didn’t want to startle [the intruders].”
But with her younger brother Felix, then 21, away at university, Jennifer said she decided to go downstairs, where she saw three men holding her parents at gunpoint in the kitchen.
Court Exhibits14 Jennifer's mum Bich Ha (right) was killed in the attack but her father Hann (left) miraculously survived
The intruders ordered Jennifer to show them where all the cash was kept in the house, before tying her to the banister with a shoelace and forcing her parents down to the basement.
There, with her head covered by a blanket, Jennifer’s mother Bich Ha, 53, was shot three times at close range and died instantly.
Her husband Hann, 56, was shot twice, including once in the face.
MOST READ IN LIVINGTAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work NOT JUST SPOTS! Six common types of bumps on your skin - and the ones that could be deadly Exclusive'He threatened to kill me' Woman whose ex beat her for FIVE HOURS says he bragged about abuse on Valentine’s Day SHEER LUNACY? Braless Sun girl takes to the streets in a sheer top to try out Kendall Jenner's titillating new fashion trend - so would you try it? Exclusive'Truly amazing' New 'miracle' eye cream claims to roll back the clock - but does it really work? 
“I heard a couple of pops and I heard my mom scream,” Jennifer revealed in her interview with detectives in their hometown of Markham in Ontario, Canada.
“Then I heard a couple more pops.”
This was one of the only truths Jennifer told investigators in the aftermath of the attack, which left her father fighting for his life in Markham Stouffville Hospital.
In the space of just 14 days, Jennifer would go from innocent victim to chief suspect.


She insisted to police that she waited for the men to leave before calling 911.
Meanwhile, her father had survived the shooting, crawled up the basement stairs and stumbled out of the front door streaming blood and screaming. He was rushed to hospital for surgery and put in a medically induced coma.
“Jennifer was initially interviewed as a victim and witness,” explains Detective Bill Courtice, the lead investigator on the case.
Court Exhibits14 Jennifer was initially treated as a victim and witness, but holes in her story began to appear
“We took what she told us at face value. However, as information was gleaned from peripheral interviews, we were left with unanswered questions.”
Mainly, how had Jennifer made that emergency call with her hands bound behind her back – which is how she’d been found when officers first entered the home.
Suspicions were further aroused when Hann was brought out of his coma three days later.
“He immediately described how Jennifer appeared to have a ‘friendly’ conversation with one of the men who attacked them,” explains Detective Courtice.
Court Exhibits14 The crime scene: Jennifer told police intruders had forced her parents down into the basement after tying her to the banister with a shoelace
By the time Jennifer attended her mother’s funeral with Felix, she was already under surveillance as a “person of interest” and detectives were quickly discovering that lying came easy to her.
In fact, she’d been deceiving her parents for years, ever since her high-school grades began to slip below the straight As expected by her father.
To avoid disappointing them, Jennifer simply told them what they wanted to hear – that she was on course to graduate from high school with honours – and backed it up with forged report cards.
In contrast, her brother excelled, going on to be an engineer.
Court Exhibits14 When Jennifer's grades started to slip she constructed an elaborate web of lies to avoid disappointing her parents
“There was a huge weight of expectation on her as the child of Chinese-Vietnamese immigrants,” explains Jeremy Grimaldi, author of A Daughter’s Deadly Deception, a bestselling book detailing the case.
“Hann was a factory worker and hoped Jennifer could be their gateway to joining the middle classes and living the American dream, if she got a good job with a good salary.”
Unfortunately, Jennifer didn’t share the dream.
A gifted pianist, she longed to teach music.
She deceived her parents for years, saying what they wanted to hear.Jeremy Grimaldi Author of A Daughter's Deadly Deception
“But her father wanted her to be a pharmacist, which she reluctantly took on as her own goal,” says Jeremy.
When Jennifer left high school in 2003, she told her family she’d been accepted at Ryerson University in downtown Toronto to study two years of science then transfer over to the University of Toronto’s pharmacology course.
Hann was so impressed, he bought his daughter a new laptop to help with her studies.
What he didn’t know was that her high-school graduation was a lie.
Court Exhibits14 Police began to realise that Jennifer was an expert liar and had even managed to forge report cards to keep up her charade with her parents
In reality, Jennifer’s offer from Ryerson had been withdrawn because she’d failed a class.
To keep up the charade, she pretended to attend Freshers Week.
When her father mentioned tuition fees, she told him that she’d been granted a £2,400 scholarship, producing a fake document that proclaimed she would receive a student assistance loan.
Every day, Jennifer would leave for “university” and head to a library, where she’d study science textbooks in the vain hope of somehow schooling herself in pharmacology.
Court Exhibits14 Jennifer kept her long-term boyfriend Daniel Wong, a small-time marijuana dealer, secret from her parents because they didn't approve
When she didn’t have her head in a book, Jennifer would secretly see long-term boyfriend Daniel Wong, now 30, a small-time marijuana dealer she’d been dating since they were both 16.
“Her parents had met Daniel, but didn’t like him, partly because he wasn’t pure Chinese,” reveals Jeremy.
“They also felt Jennifer shouldn’t have a boyfriend before the end of university.”
Incredibly, Jennifer kept up the lies about her education for four years.
Court Exhibits14 When Jennifer's web of lies unravelled, she recruited hitman Lenford Crawford (AKA Homeboy) through her boyfriend Daniel
When it came to graduation, she told her parents the course had been over-enrolled so students were restricted to one invite each.
Jennifer said she didn’t want to choose between them, so they agreed she should invite her best friend Topaz instead.
This was the same friend Jennifer had supposedly been staying overnight with three times a week throughout her course to cut down on her commute and ensure she never missed a class.
Topaz did exist, but Jennifer never stayed with her – it was a ruse to be able to spend more time with Daniel.
However, one day in May 2009, Hann called Topaz and asked to speak to his daughter.
She figured she’d never be allowed to do what she wished as long as they were still alive.Jeremy GrimaldiAuthor of A Daughter's Deadly Deception
When she told him Jennifer wasn’t there, he got suspicious and questioned her further, eventually demanding she tell him what was going on.
Topaz had no option but to admit Jennifer hadn’t stayed that night – or any other.
Suddenly Jennifer’s fictitious life crumbled.
When she returned home the next morning, Hann began to systematically expose her lies, beginning with Topaz’s confession and ending with the fact that he’d found out that the blood-testing lab Jennifer had told him she’d been volunteering at to enhance her job prospects had no record of her ever working there.
Perhaps relieved that her exhausting web of lies was finally exposed, Jennifer confessed – she wasn’t their golden child with the impossibly bright future, but the opposite: a high-school dropout.
Court Exhibits14 Through Homeboy, Jennifer recruited extra muscle David Mylvaganam (left) and Eric Carty (right)
Hann ruled that she would never see Daniel again, took away her mobile phone and began tracking how many miles she was driving so he’d know if she was sneaking off to see her boyfriend.
In a Facebook post in February 2009, Jennifer wrote that from that moment on it was “like living under house arrest”.
Her parents mapped out a new life plan for her, which involved becoming a pharmacy lab technician or nurse.
It’s at this point Jennifer’s attitude towards them took on a darker intent.
Court Exhibits14 Discrepancies in Jennifer's story meant she soon became the investigation's chief suspect
“When she accepted her father’s ultimatum to stay home and never see Daniel again, she made up her mind that something needed to be done about her parents,” says Jeremy.
“She figured she’d never be allowed to do what she wished as long as they were still alive.”
Jennifer knew Daniel had an acquaintance through his drug dealing called Lenford Crawford, AKA Homeboy, who had plenty of criminal contacts.
“It was Daniel who reached out to Homeboy after being pestered by Jennifer with 99 texts and phone calls over the course of just one day,” reveals Detective Courtice.
Jeremy Grimaldi14 Author Jeremy Grimaldi wrote a book about the case
“The next contact is directly from Homeboy to Jennifer in her phone records.”
And those phone logs would prove pivotal in confirming Jennifer’s guilt.
“The phone records were absolutely crucial to solving this case,” explains Detective Courtice.
“Our investigation was a four-year ordeal, where officers were forced to go through 700,000 lines of texts and phone calls to get to the evidence.”
One of those texts, dated November 8, 2010, was from Homeboy, then 28, and read: “After work OK will be game time.”
The phone records were absolutely crucial to solving this case.Detective Courticelead investigator
It had been agreed that the double assassination would cost Jennifer £8,000 but that wouldn’t be a problem as, if everything went to plan, she’d receive half of her parents’ estate.
But everything didn’t go to plan and two weeks later, on November 22, the police brought Jennifer in to be questioned for the third and final time. By now, detectives were convinced of her guilt.
“Prior to the homicide and leading right up to the men entering, Jennifer was on two phones at the same time,” says Detective Courtice.
“She spoke to friends on a Samsung, while texting and talking on an iPhone that was used exclusively for talking to Homeboy and his associates. This raised more suspicions as to why she didn’t call the police or ask her friends to when the intruders entered the Pan residence.”


After a three-hour grilling, the recorded interview captured the moment when Jennifer could take no more.
“You’re involved in this. I know that,” said the interviewing detective.
“There’s no question about it. The only question right now is: Are you going to keep making mistakes?”
After hesitating, Jennifer replied: “But what happens to me?”
Arrested on the spot and charged with first-degree murder, attempted murder and conspiracy to commit murder, Jennifer finally went on trial on March 19, 2014, along with Daniel and Homeboy, as well as hired muscle David Mylvaganam, 34, and Eric Carty, 25.
Court Exhibits14 Jennifer finally crumbled in the interrogation, asking "what happens to me?"
During proceedings, Felix told jurors he’d been oblivious to his beloved sister’s deception, but admitted their father was very strict.
“Dad was old-school,” he said.
“He was very controlling. It was the just the way my dad is… it’s sort of like tough love.”
When it was Jennifer’s turn to take to the stand, she tried to convince the jury she’d been suicidal but too scared to kill herself, so hired Homeboy to arrange for someone to kill her at home.
Court Exhibits14 Jennifer's brother Felix said in court he was oblivious to her deception
Then, she insisted in court, at the last minute she had wanted to call the whole thing off, but only succeeded in angering the would-be killers,
who turned their attentions on her parents.
The jury didn’t buy it. At the end of a gruelling nine-month trial, in which more than 50 witnesses testified and over 200 exhibits were filed, Jennifer was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole for 25 years.
The four men are also serving life sentences.
Her father wasn’t in court to hear his daughter's sentencing, but wrote an impact statement that was read out to the jury: “When I lost my wife, I lost my daughter at the same time. I don’t feel like I have a family any more.”
Court Exhibits14 Jennifer Pan was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison - she can't contact her family until she gets out in her mid-50s
Felix had moved away to the East Coast.
Three years on, Jennifer maintains her innocence and is appealing.
“She wants desperately to speak to her family,” reveals Jeremy.
“But they were granted a non-communication order, so she won’t be able to contact them until she gets out in her mid-50s. Jennifer may never have pulled a trigger, but her lies proved just as deadly.”
If you were shocked by this story, you might be interested to read about the woman who posed as a CIA agent to trick her parents into killing her friends.
A Daughter’s Deadly Deception by Jeremy Grimaldi (£13.99, Dundurn) is out now.

