A Very British Hotel goes inside the lavish wedding where the bride is wooed with envelopes stuffed with cash
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/3041035/a-very-british-hotel-goes-inside-the-lavish-100000-wedding-where-the-bride-is-wooed-with-envelopes-stuffed-with-cash/
9th March 2017, 10:09 am
A LAVISH wedding costing £100,000 where the bride is handed envelopes stuffed with CASH features in a new Channel 4 show.
Entrepreneurs Rike and Samantha, from China, tied the knot in front of 300 guests at the five star Mandarin Oriental and were filmed for A Very British Hotel.
Channel 46 Bride and groom Samantha and Rike at their wedding
The bride wore four different outfits, including an exclusive Vera Wang wedding dress, and the young couple hired their own chef to lay on the eight-course Chinese meal for guests.
As tradition dictates, the groom wooed the bride with envelopes of money at the Hyde Park luxury hotel – where the suites cost around £2,000 a night.
Catering manager Paul oversees 70 weddings for the super-rich every year and often hosts three in one weekend.
He said: “If you’re having a wedding at the Mandarin Oriental you’re spending £100,000 and you’re inviting 300 of your relatives.
“You’re making a statement.”
Bride Samantha added: “I want to make it incredible and unforgettable. We only have one wedding in our lives. No divorce.”
Channel 46 Samantha was wood with envelopes of cash
MOST READ IN LIVINGTAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work NOT JUST SPOTS! Six common types of bumps on your skin - and the ones that could be deadly Exclusive'He threatened to kill me' Woman whose ex beat her for FIVE HOURS says he bragged about abuse on Valentine’s Day SHEER LUNACY? Braless Sun girl takes to the streets in a sheer top to try out Kendall Jenner's titillating new fashion trend - so would you try it? Exclusive'Truly amazing' New 'miracle' eye cream claims to roll back the clock - but does it really work? 
Channel 46 The floral arrangements for the lavish wedding
The programme goes behind the scenes of the top London hotel, which is a regular haunt for Hollywood stars and society figures.
It follows three concierges – Nigel, Francois-Xavier and new boy Paul – whose job is to satisfy the requests of the well-heeled guests, no matter how bizarre.
Nigel said: “You can ask a good concierge anything and if they don’t have the answer straight away they will seek it, find it and we won’t rest until the guest is content or even better completely blown away.
“We had one female guest who was delayed on a business trip so we had to frozen courier her breast milk from London to Boston, in liquid nitrogen.
“An Indian guest who was having a wedding in Regent’s Park, required an elephant to pose with the bride and we made it happen.”
Channel 46 Paul, Francois-Xavier and Nigel cater to all the needs of the well-heeled guests
To Londoner Paul, who grew up in a council house, the opulent surroundings are an eye-opener.
In his first few days he was shocked to be tipped £165 – just for changing a restaurant booking.
He said: “I’d never seen anything like it.
“If I go to Sainsbury’s and the weekly bill comes in at more than £30 I’m like, ‘Oh no.'”
In this episode Francois-Xavier sources a rare watch for a rich collector who is a regular customer and is looking to spend up to £400,000.
“When you pass this door, it doesn’t matter if you are a prince or you’ve saved up for six months, you want the dream," he said.
“We are here to make the dream come true – although it’s sometimes a nightmare.”
Channel 46 The tables were decorated with perfect centrepieces
A Very British Hotel is on Channel 4 on Thursday at 9pm

Channel 46 The Mandarin Oriental in Hyde Park features in the Channel 4 show

