Shame of being too fat to fit in plane seat motivated 25 stone Rachel to shrink to size ten
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/3043895/shame-of-being-too-fat-to-fit-in-plane-seat-motivated-25-stone-rachel-to-shrink-to-size-ten/
8th March 2017, 11:21 pm
SHE was meant to be setting off on a dream holiday – but as soon as Rachel Tawse tried to take her seat on the plane, she knew she was in for a nightmare.
Weighing 25st, she simply did not fit into her allotted space.
13 At 25 stone, Rachel Tawse had to be given two seats on her flight to Mexico
Mortified, the admin assistant had to be given TWO seats, as well as a plus-size seatbelt that could stretch over her size-32 bulk.
She spent the 11-hour flight to Mexico in tears, red-faced with humiliation — and things did not improve much once she arrived.
Rachel, who is now 29, recalls: “I spent the whole journey in agony.
News Group Newspapers Ltd13 The humiliation was the encouragement Rachel needed to lose weight
“By the time I arrived I was so miserable that I spent my ten-day holiday feeling hideous by the pool.”
But she came home determined to lose weight so she would never have to suffer that kind of embarrassment again. And it worked.
In a single year Rachel, from Aberdeen, lost an amazing 15st and 11 dress sizes.
MOST READ IN LIVINGTAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work NOT JUST SPOTS! Six common types of bumps on your skin - and the ones that could be deadly Exclusive'He threatened to kill me' Woman whose ex beat her for FIVE HOURS says he bragged about abuse on Valentine’s Day SHEER LUNACY? Braless Sun girl takes to the streets in a sheer top to try out Kendall Jenner's titillating new fashion trend - so would you try it? Exclusive'Truly amazing' New 'miracle' eye cream claims to roll back the clock - but does it really work? PicturedBooty-full property Inside the mansion that was home to a lost treasure mystery… and it could be yours for £6million JAWSOME Can you spot the shark in this Magic Eye image? Experts reveal reason why not everyone can solve 3D brainteasers CHIN UP The truth about YOUR double chin, what's really causing it - and the DAFT exercises that can help banish it 
13 Rachel was a size 32 and spent her ten-day holiday feeling hideous by the pool
She says: “I never dreamed I’d ever be a size ten and weigh ten stone. I’d always been overweight and assumed that was always going to be me.
“But it was only when my body wouldn’t fit into the plane seat that I realised just how big I’d become.
“Now I’ve lost the weight, I feel amazing — and when I go on holiday I can’t wait to show off my new body.”
Rachel, who is 5ft 5in tall, had piled on weight due to years of scoffing crisps and chocolate in front of the telly.
13 When Rachel met husband Gus, the pair would spend nights in with takeaways and enjoy big meals out
By the time she was 18 years old, she was a size 24 and weighed 18st. She now recalls: “I wasn’t happy but I just thought I was the size I was meant to be.
“I liked sitting watching TV on the sofa while eating all my favourite foods — especially crisps and chocolate.”
On a regular day Rachel ate four pieces of toast for breakfast then had a mid-morning snack of crisps and chocolate.
Lunch would be a white-bread sandwich plus more crisps, while she would finish off the day with a takeaway Chinese dinner.
13 When they married in 2012, Rachel was 22 stone
When Rachel was 22 she met her future husband Gus, now 32. She was already 20st and a size 26 but he was a big eater as well and the weight kept piling on.
Rachel says: “We started dating and he never once mentioned my size.
“We loved spending nights in with takeaways and we both enjoyed big meals out.”
Rachel was by now eating 4,000 calories a day.
13 By the time of her wedding, she was eating 4,000 calories a day
But she did not give her shape a thought, even when Gus proposed in 2011. The pair married the following year, with Rachel at 22st.
She says: “Some brides go on big health kicks before their wedding but my routine was to roll out of bed, drive to work, eat all day, then get home and sit on the sofa while eating dinner. I’d never stand up for longer than a minute. I was so lazy.”
Then came the moment the pair booked their dream trip to Mexico.
News Group Newspapers Ltd13 But when she was too fat to fit in a plane seat and had to be given an adjustable belt, Rachel knew something had to change
Rachel says: “I was looking forward to doing nothing around a pool all day.
“I boarded the plane so excited, but when I tried to sit down I couldn’t fit.
“The air hostess had to wrap an adjustable belt around me as the regular one wouldn’t go around half of me.
“I cried, I was so embarrassed. I couldn’t believe how big I’d become.”
News Group Newspapers Ltd13 Within a year she'd lost an incredible 15 stone
When they finally arrived at their hotel, the idyllic swimming pool suddenly seemed far less attractive.
Rachel says: “I started thinking that everyone was staring at me and I just wanted to sit indoors.
“I was also dreading having to go through the plane business all over again on the return flight.
“When the holiday was finally over I was relieved, because I knew it meant the start of something new.”
News Group Newspapers Ltd13 To achieve her dramatic weight loss, Rachel began swimming daily, attending workout classes and signed up to Slimming World
Once back home, Rachel cleared her cupboards of her favourite junk foods and signed up to Slimming World as well as her local gym.
Instead of her usual morning toast and butter, Rachel started her day with fruit and yoghurt, had homemade soup for lunch and snacked on Rivita.
For dinner she got back in the kitchen to cook homemade meals, washed down with water.
She says: “It was a huge battle at the start. The exercise was so hard, so I decided to set myself little goals each month.”
With her morning swims and workout classes, Rachel noticed an immediate change to her figure.She says: “Seeing the results motivated me more. I realised I didn’t need to be ‘Fat Rach’ any more.
“The Body Pump classes taught me how to get my body moving and working all the muscles I’d neglected. I learnt how to squat and lunge — words I’d never heard of before.”
By last October, Rachel had lost more than half of her body weight, dropping 15st to a size ten.
She says: “With every stone I lost, I felt more and more amazing. When I reached ten stone, I couldn’t believe how much I’d achieved in one year.
“I no longer fit into my old clothes and had to get a whole new wardrobe.
“People don’t recognise me and my husband is so proud of me.”

To celebrate, she and Gus booked a holiday to Benidorm.
Rachel says: “This time I didn’t feel nervous boarding the flight. I slipped into the seat comfortably and nobody blinked an eye.
“I felt so emotional that I cried, this time with happiness.
“My holiday was filled with sun, sunbathing, cocktails and confidence.
“It has been an amazing year and apart from tucking into a Christmas dinner, I’ve completely stuck to my plan.
“I don’t spend hours in front of the TV and barely recognise the woman I once was.
“I was overweight, hated the sight of my body and felt awful.
“I finally love looking at the lady in the mirror and have more energy than I’ve ever had in my life.”
 
Shape up with this winning work out
RACHEL attended Body Pump classes, where she was put through her paces in this full-body workout.
News Group Newspapers Ltd13
Squat: START by standing with  straight back and legs wide apart.
Then squat, keeping your back straight, chest up and feet flat.
Once as low as possible, return to start, squeezing your bottom as you come up.
News Group Newspapers Ltd13
Push-up: GET into a plank position with your hands under and just wider than your shoulders.
Slowly lower halfway to the ground until your chest nearly touches the floor, then push back up to the top.
News Group Newspapers Ltd13
Lunge: STEP forward to a lunge position and bend both knees to 90 degrees.
Keep your knee in line with your ankle and make sure your knees don’t roll in or out.
Return back to the start position, then lunge forward with the opposite leg.
News Group Newspapers Ltd13
Toe-touch: WITH legs wide apart, reach left hand to right foot and swing right hand behind you.
Then swap sides to reach right hand to left foot. Repeat non-stop for one minute.
Rest for 30 seconds. Repeat set five times.

