Waxwork museum unveils creepy figure of Donald Trump… but it’s not even the most bonkers tribute on display
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/3034504/waxwork-museum-unveils-creepy-figure-of-donald-trump-but-its-not-even-the-most-bonkers-tribute-on-display/
7th March 2017, 7:03 pm
MOST fans probably dream about meeting their favourite celebrities – and for many, visiting their waxwork is the closest they’ll ever come.
But there’s no doubt that visitors would be feeling more creeped out than excited if they ran into these dodgy figures.
Getty Images10 It's not just fake news the US President has to contend with, as this waxwork is a complete nightmare
In the Shenyang shopping centre in the Liaoning Province of China, the most recent addition to their waxwork collection is a VERY odd looking Donald Trump.
Many visitors have posed beside the stern-looking figure of The President, whose orange face barely looks like it’s stuck to the suit-clad body.
Getty Images10 Thankfully, the relations between Chinese visitors and the US Pres seem to be going swimmingly
Reuters10 It is immediately obvious where the head has been joined to the smartly dressed body
It’s not the first world leader that the Shenyang waxwork display has taken inspiration from.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and Russian President Vladimir Putin are other leaders that have had the honour of featuring in the shopping centre.
And the fun doesn’t end there.
It’s a challenge to identify which other celebrities are actually on display, as they bear little resemblance to the famous faces.
Getty Images10 Thankfully, the Saint Basil's Cathedral has been placed as the backdrop to help avoid any confusion over this Putin tribute
Getty Images10 The North Korean flag in the background of Kim Jong Un is another handy hint
Getty Images10 The artist behind these Harry Potter figures must've lost the plot
J.K. Rowling's characters have not quite been given the magic that was clear in the films.
Thankfully, a cloak covers the damage on the Voldemort figure, although he has bizarrely been given a pair of elf-like ears.
Most Read in LivingTAKE A GOOD GANDER Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work Exclusive'He threatened to kill me' Woman whose ex beat her for FIVE HOURS says he bragged about abuse on Valentine’s Day NOT JUST SPOTS! Six common types of bumps on your skin - and the ones that could be deadly SHEER LUNACY? Braless Sun girl takes to the streets in a sheer top to try out Kendall Jenner's titillating new fashion trend - so would you try it? JAWSOME Can you spot the shark in this Magic Eye image? Experts reveal reason why not everyone can solve 3D brainteasers 
A figure of Michael Jackson pulling off an awkward dance move in a black bowler hat is another of the beauties on show.
He is joined by an odd-looking Arnold Schwarzenegger, who looks more like an action man than a Hollywood star.
Getty Images10 Michael Jackson doesn't exactly look like a Smooth Criminal in this replica
Getty Images10 Let's hope the British comedian is able to see the funny side of this botched job
Getty Images10 The artist better avoid feeling the wrath of Jackie Chan's martial arts expertise if the star gets wind of this
Getty Images10 Arnold Schwarzenegger probably wants to wave a Long Goodbye to this rubbish waxwork
Rowan Atkinson and Jackie Chan are other actors paid tribute to in the waxwork collection, but they’re probably not feeling too chuffed about it.
Although these figures may look like a complete disaster, they’re not even the worst to be put on display.
From monstrous smiles to figures that look NOTHING like their celeb subject, here are the worst waxworks ever made.

