Antonio Conte’s watertight contract means Chelsea can refuse other clubs permission to speak to him
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/3011755/antonio-conte-contract-chelsea-inter-milan/
4th March 2017, 10:00 pm
ANTONIO CONTE’S watertight contract has put Chelsea in a great position to keep the Italian.
Sources close to the Stamford Bridge boss insist there is NO buy-out clause in the deal he signed last year.
Getty Images3 Antonio Conte's contract gives Chelsea the right to block any approaches
Inter had wanted to take him back to Serie A.

Keep up to date with ALL the Chelsea news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

But Chelsea can refuse to let other clubs speak to Conte, 47.
The Blues are determined to keep the former Juventus boss after his stunning first season in the Premier League.
MOST READ IN SPORTExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 
Meanwhile,  Conte could bring in Romelu Lukaku in a £56million club-record deal if he loses Diego Costa this summer.
The Everton striker is stalling over the Goodison contract on the table.
Chelsea are keen to bring the Belgium international back  three years selling him.
AP:Associated Press3 Moneybags Inter Milan were desperate to bring Conte back to Italy
Action Images3 Conte had a superb spell with Juventus before taking over as Italy chief

Everton can  DOUBLE the £28m they paid the Londoners, while Conte believes he will be a like-for-like replacement should Costa move to the Chinese Super League this summer.
Lukaku, 23, has told pals he has unfinished business at Stamford Bridge and could realise his dream of  playing in the Champions League.

