AC Milan’s takeover could be OFF as Chinese investors struggle to fund £622million deal before March 3 deadline
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/2984907/ac-milan-takeover-off/
1st March 2017, 2:15 pm
AC MILAN'S £622million  Chinese takeover is in danger as investors struggle to get the cash before the March 3 deadline.
Billionaire owner Silvio Berlusconi is considering accepting a third, non-refundable £85m deposit to give the group more time to find the funds.
Getty Images6 AC Milan sale to Chinese investors will be finalised on March 3
Sino-Europe Sports Investment Management Changxing’s bid has seen several delays with the latest coming as Chinese authorities have reportedly blocked money transfers.
The country is keen for more internal investment, while the Chinese embassy in Rome is also believed to be upset that the Dali Lama was welcomed to Milan in October.
If Berlusconi grants the delay and the move falls through he would receove £255m in deposits without parting ways with his club.
Related StoriesTriple Threat AC Milan to make moves for Cesc Fabregas, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Mateo Musacchio when transfer window opens GossipJOSE'S CESC APPPEAL Jose Mourinho ready to take on AC MIlan for Cesc Fabregas's signature in the summer Rummas are true Man United on alert as Mino Raiola confirms Gianluigi Donnarumma will not commit to AC Milan yet FeatureCARLO'S WAY Ronaldinho, Alonso and Casillas are out — but who is in Carlo Ancelotti's all-time XI? VideoGol machine Inter 1 Roma 3: Radja Nainggolan scores stunning double at hostile San Siro to close the gap on league leaders Juventus to seven points GossipSan Siro for Cesc AC Milan to revive interest in out-of-favour Chelsea star Cesc Fabregas at the end of the season 
Former Italy Prime Minister and president of the Rossoneri had agreed to the sale in August, but the buyers needed final approving from Beijing.
The deal will be the biggest-ever Chinese investment in a European club and includes the £185m worth of debt.
Businessman Berlusconi took over as president of his beloved Milan in 1986 and immediately set about establishing the Rossoneri as the best club on the planet.
He broke the world transfer record by paying £6m to sign Ruud Gullit from PSV Eindhoven a year later and repeated the trick twice in 1992.
Getty Images6 Silvio Berlusconi had been the president and owner of AC Milan since 1986
Related StoriesExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates 
Getty Images6 Silvio Berlusconi broke world transfer record for first time to sign Ruud Gullit
AP:Associated Press6 Silvio Berlusconi celebrates with players after incredible 1989 Euopean Cup final display
First, he signed reigning Ballon d'Or winner, Jean-Pierre Pain from Marseille for £10m and then shocked the world when splashed out a whopping £13m on Gianluigi Lentini.
Milan won back-to-back European Cups in 1989 and 1990 — a feat which has never been repeated since.
And, in the former, produced one of the greatest displays of all-time, to beat Steaua Bucharest 4-0.
PA:Press Association6 AC Milan are regarded as one of biggest clubs in European football history
They reached the Champions League final in each of the first three seasons of the rebranding.
In 1994, they beat the Barcelona ‘Dream Team’ 4-0, to rival their 1989 performance.
Berlusconi is believed to have invested around £1billion in the club during his three decades in charge and, in 2009, reached as high as 12th in Forbes' list of The World's Most Powerful People.
Getty Images6 AC Milan have fallen massively and investment could give them big push
Yet, his record signing Manuel Rui Costa for what now seems like a snip at £37m in 2001.
Milan added two more Champions League trophies in 2003 and 2007 before a rapid decline which coincided with Berlusconi’s third term as Italy’s Prime Minister.
The club are in disarray, but perhaps this new investment will see them back challenging Europe’s elite on the pitch and off it.


