Ferne McCann suffers dream date NIGHTMARE when she suffers bowel problems on Celebs Go Dating
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/2952157/ferne-mccann-suffers-dream-date-nightmare-when-she-suffers-bowel-problems-on-celebs-go-dating/
25th February 2017, 12:12 am
WHEN it comes to affairs of the heart, some people just can't catch a break - and it appears that Ferne McCann might be one of those people.
The 26-year-old reality star is left blushing on Celebs Go Dating when she's forced to announce her stomach is playing up due to a bout of IBS.
5 Ferne's latest date with Lee was going well before her stomach started playing up
Until that point, things are going swmmingly with the stars double date, calling the man she's out with 'the man of her dreams' as she spends the evening with him, Pussycat Doll Melody Thornton and her date.
However, as the night carries on she suddenly finds herself feeling funny - and immediately reveals she thinks she has Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
That's when her date Lee, who until this point was doing well with the former Towie star, ruined his chances by questioning her about what kind of IBS she has.
5 Melody helped her friend by taking her to the toilet
He quizzed: "Is that where you s*** loads? You can't s***? Is is something to do with s***?"
Mortified Ferne is then seen telling the camera: "Please can someone tell Lee to shut it with the s*** talk?"
Fellow celeb Melody then took Ferne to the toilet - where the self-diagnosing star started contemplating that she might have celiac disease.
She declared: "F***ing ate that bread! I've not had bread for all 2017! I've ate that bit of break and it's gone crazy.
"Oh my god that is it! I've got celiac disease!"
5 Ferne was left mortified by the incident
Melody then rubbed the stars back as Ferne loosened her skirt and tried to regain her composure.
Luckily, Ferne managed to see the funny side, recapped to the camera: "I've got a Pussycat Doll rubbing my back, while the man of my dreams is waiting at the table, KNOWING I've got bowel problems!"
Latest from TV & Showbiz THE STAGE IS SET Spice Girls send fans wild with first look at 90s-style reunion tour stage BLACK MOURNING Alabama 3 singer Jake Black who wrote The Sopranos theme song dies SCREEN TIME As Game of Thrones ends, here's how long it takes to watch TV classic series DRESSED TO KILL Killing Eve's Jodie Comer spotted in killer outfit on set of her new movie DO YA THINK I'M SEX-SEA Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster grab some rock & stroll in Southend MEG'S BATTLE Megan Barton-Hanson had surgery to avoid 'pain' of looking in the mirror too close Corrie's Ruxandra Porojnicu reveals human trafficking story 'could have been her' LOYAL FANS Caroline Flack reveals Love Island spin-off show Aftersun will return BAN DETECTOR Ofcom could ban lie detectors from ALL reality TV after Jeremy Kyle tragedy BRIDE TRIBE Cara De La Hoyde continues Magaluf hen do celebrations in white mini dress 
Somehow, despite the mishap, Lee still sounded interested in the star despite the disastrous date and their meeting which saw fans label Ferne a "bunny boiler".
The Towie star went crazy for the hair salon owner from Leeds at a mixer and made a beeline for him.
Celebs Go Dating/E45 Lee still seemed taken by the star despite their disastrous date
She decided to not bother playing it cool by letting him know exactly how she felt - before taking his phone, going through his Instagram and becoming upset when she saw pics of his ex.
Once satisfied that he was over his ex, Ferne decided to ask him on a date before telling him: “The more I drink, the more I fancy you!”
She then told cameras: “Seriously though, is he not the fittest thing you have ever seen? I really fancy him!”

The following evening during their date at a Chinese restaurant she continued to stick it to the subtlety and told Lee, who remained quite restrained that they were destined to be together.
Ferne is thankfully not one to mind making a fool of herself too much - as was proven on today's this morning, when she donned a bikini, face mask and mittens to try out a freezing cryo-chamber.
5 Ferne ended up undoing her skirt to let Melody rub her back in the ladies' loos
She tried out the beauty treatment as part of a segment for on how A-listers get ready for the red carpet.

After a workout with a personal trainer to the celebs, Ferne braved the treatment for around three minutes with the air temperature at -75°C (-104°F).
The treatment is used by the likes of Jennifer Lawrence and Jessica Alba.


Celebs Go Dating airs weeknights at 10pm on E4.


Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 0207 782 4220 

 

