Wayne Rooney to China: Manchester United star’s world record move may have to be approved by President Xi Jinping after crackdown on big-money transfers
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2928591/wayne-rooneys-move-to-china-may-have-to-be-approved-by-president-xi-jinping/
22nd February 2017, 3:18 pm
WAYNE ROONEY'S proposed move to China, even on wages of £1million a week, is about more than money.
That is because the country's president and leader of the all-ruling Communist Party could be forced to personally intervene to allow his transfer.
PA:Press Association5 Wayne Rooney could be leaving Manchester United for the Chinese Super League
Tianjin Quanjian manager Fabio Cannavaro has confirmed the club made contact with Man United about the sale of Rooney.
And the club's record goalscorer could leave the Red Devils as early as Tuesday, when the Chinese Super League transfer window closes.
But Cannavaro also made clear they prefer Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Nikola Kalinic to Rooney, paving the way for a possible move to another CSL side.
That could be Beijing Guoan, one of the oldest clubs in the country and one President Xi Jinping supports.
Getty Images5 President Xi Jinping could have to give the nod of approval for Wayne Rooney's transfer
Getty Images5 Carlos Tevez was met by a sea of flowers and club scarves upon his arrival in China
President Xi has backed moves - such as paying Carlos Tevez £635,000 a week - to turn China into a footballing powerhouse.
But the crazy amounts spent on players has made Guangzhou Evergrande announce plans to rid their team of all foreigners by 2020.
It has also caused embarrassment in the party, where Xi has been pushing anti-corruption and austerity campaigns.
And the Guardian reported last month that authorities had vowed to crack down on "irrational investment" and clubs that are "burning money" on transfers.
PA:Press Association5 Wayne Rooney can command wages of £1million a week in China

It is possible Rooney's transfer could make simmering discontent reach fever pitch, especially as he would become the world's highest-paid player on £52m a year.
And the BBC report that any exit from United to the Far East "may well require a nod of approval from the Chinese president".
President Xi would also have to balance Rooney's arrival with the fast-tracking of plans to create 50,000,000 competent footballers in the country.
Getty Images5 President Xi Jinping is rumoured to be a supporter of Beijing Guoan

Related storiesExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates Live BlogBLUES NEWS Keep up to date with all the ins and outs from Stamford Bridge Live BlogALL THE GOSS All the latest updates from every club as the transfer window opens Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul bak off Koscielny says Baku should not host Europa League final after Mkhitaryan withdraws GLORY HAYES Chelsea Women's manager Emma Hayes throws name into hat to be Sarri's successor 
Authorities want 50,000 football academies by 2025, more than doubling the earlier target of 20,000 by 2020.
Chinese Football Association vice president Wang Dengfeng said: "This is a solid way to select football talent for our future reserves.
"Improving Chinese football is no longer just a dream."

