Amazing footage shows Kung Fu master barely wincing as bricks and poles are smashed into his manhood
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2916673/amazing-footage-shows-kung-fu-master-barely-wincing-as-bricks-and-poles-are-smashed-into-his-manhood/
21st February 2017, 10:58 am
A MAN able to take a blow to the crotch and barely wince is passing on his skills to students who dream of having "balls of steel".
Master Wei Yaobin is a legend in the central Chinese city of Luoyang for his talents as an "Iron Crotch Kung Fu" master.
Ruptly5 Although it may appear otherwise, enthusiasts are adamant that this is good for a man's sexual health
Ruptly5 Named the Iron Crotch, it’s a move designed to help men prepare themselves for being attacked in the groin
Ruptly5 People are seen recording the staggering scenes as they gasp in shock at the display
He is seen on video taking countless kicks and punches to his manhood, while displaying no hint of pain.
Training for the master and his pupils includes willingly slamming battering rams, kicks and bricks into their crotch.
Footage of Master Wei and his students shows them barely moving as they take each powerful blow - something that would be enough to leave most men writhing on the floor.
People are seen recording the staggering scenes as they gasp in shock at the display.
Although it may appear otherwise, enthusiasts are adamant that this is good for a man's sexual health.
It is claimed to cure erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculation but there is no evidence to prove this.
The Mail Online reports Master Wei says Iron Crotch Kung Fu was previously a family practice, but he now wants it to be more "popular and accepted by the public".
RELATED STORIESHE MUST BE NUTS! Fearless Kung Fu fan shows off his 'Iron Crotch' stunt as he lets a huge wooden pole swing into his 'balls of steel' VideoKARATE FLOP Hilarious moment man launches into bizarre Kung Fu routine after being challenged by cop ExclusiveIt's a knockout! Brit Kung Fu master 'Deadly Dicker' and his three sons quizzed as contest descends into mass brawl Better with age! From hilarious selfies to a Kung Fu grandpa… here are 15 times grandparents were way cooler than you VideoKarate Kid Cristiano Ronaldo aims KUNG-FU KICK at Real teammate Fabio Coentrao after 'row' in training COFFEE WITH A KICK Baristas learn Bruce Lee's Wing Chun kung fu to combat stress and speed up service 
Earlier this year a Kung Fu fan was filmed showing off his own “Iron Crotch” stunt as he let a huge wooden pole swing into his “balls of steel”.
The man can be seen allowing the huge pillar to repeatedly smash into his crotch – in a move said to showcase the strength of someone’s manhood.
Named the Iron Crotch, it’s a move designed to help men prepare themselves for being attacked in the groin.
Ruptly5 Footage of Master Wei and his students shows them barely moving as they take each powerful blow
Ruptly5 Although it may appear otherwise, enthusiasts are adamant that this is good for a man's sexual health

It’s also thought to stimulate blood circulation and improve the flexibility of the tissues around the testicles.
Squatting down is believed to help transport “chi energy” to the crotch and make it hard as iron before being whacked by the pillar.
Experts say the exercise needs to be performed at least 300 to 500 times a day to reach the strength of the man in the video, but it is not condoned by Western doctors.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.

