Burton Albion star Jackson Irvine rejected £5million-a-year Chinese Super League deal because he dreams of playing in the Premier League
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2890675/burton-albion-jackson-irvine-china-premier-league/
17th February 2017, 10:23 pm
JACKSON IRVINE has revealed why he turned down a £100,000-A-WEEK pay rise in China to stay in a relegation dogfight at Burton.
Irvine, 23, was at the centre of one of the biggest potential deals in the January window.
3 Burton midfielder Jackson Irvine says his hope of playing in the Premier League eclipsed financial reasons to move to China
But the Aussie midfielder said: “I want a career I can be proud of. Playing in the Premier League remains my lifelong dream.”

Keep up to date with ALL the Championship gossip and transfers on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

Hardly a soul was aware of the top-secret, life-changing £5million-a-year deal which slipped by Sky’s wall-to-wall deadline day coverage without a murmur.
Yet today, SunSport can reveal Jackson was targeted by a string of Chinese Super League clubs after a dramatic and unexpected transfer rule-change sent their domestic market haywire in January.
The modest midfielder from Melbourne was slightly embarrassed when we asked him why he declined the offer to become an overnight  millionaire.
He said: “I thought only two people in Britain knew about that — and one of them was my dad!”
Reuters3 Nigel Clough is battling to keep Burton up in his second spell as boss
CSL clubs used to be able to recruit five foreigners, one of whom had to be a player from the Asian Confederation — the ‘4+1 rule’.
With seven caps for Australia, Irvine qualified as a ‘home-grown’ Chinese player.
However, a Government-led decision to encourage more game time for Chinese-born stars saw the rule  scrapped in the middle of the January window, sparking an 11th-hour scramble for eligible Aussies in its final days.
Suddenly the Championship relegation-battler was hot property in the world’s  second-richest market.
He said: “When you see what was being offered, it’s hard to put it into words.
“It’s not a decision a lot of people will ever be faced with. When you are it makes you ask a lot of questions about yourself. But hopefully you make the decision you are going to be most content with.
RELATED STORIESExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates Live BlogBLUES NEWS Keep up to date with all the ins and outs from Stamford Bridge Live BlogALL THE GOSS All the latest updates from every club as the transfer window opens Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul bak off Koscielny says Baku should not host Europa League final after Mkhitaryan withdraws GLORY HAYES Chelsea Women's manager Emma Hayes throws name into hat to be Sarri's successor 
“I didn’t have an awful lot of time to decide. But it’s been and gone now and I’m fully focused on the job in hand — and that’s keeping Burton in the Championship.”
Even Chelsea’s title-chasing striker Diego Costa wobbled and appeared to have his head turned when China came calling earlier this season.
So Brewers fans can be proud of the fact Nigel Clough has a player who puts his long-term career goals before wealth in a little-seen league.
Irvine added: “People can say things about footballers and about what motivates them. You have to respect why people make decisions in football, everyone has different goals.
News Group Newspapers Ltd3 Irvine swapped success with Ross County for a relegation scrap south of the border with Burton
"People close to me know the way I live my life. Crazy money would be wasted on me.
“I sincerely hope  I never make decisions based purely on financial gain. I want to do things I want to do and sometimes it takes tough decisions to get there.”
The former Ross County ace has  eight goals this term for the Brewers.
He said: “Ambition — you don’t know where it’s going to take you. Hopefully I can always see the bigger picture.”


