Mark Clattenburg turned down £1m-a-year offer from China before quitting Premier League for Saudi Arabia
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2883429/mark-clattenburg-china-saudi-arabia-premier-league/
17th February 2017, 7:24 am
MARK CLATTENBURG turned down a £1million-a-season offer from China before quitting the Premier League for Saudi Arabia.
The Prem’s top official blew full-time on his top-flight career after growing disillusioned with refs’ bosses — as exclusively revealed in Thursday’s SunSport.
Getty Images4 Mark Clattenburg has agreed a move to Saudi Arabia
Clattenburg, 41, snubbed the Chinese Super League and will now earn £500,000 a year tax free as head of referees for the Saudi Arabia Football Federation — doubling his earnings.
SunSport’s whistleblower Mark Halsey, who says Riley’s poor managerial approach — not the offer of a mega pay day abroad — left Clattenburg feeling it was time to hang up his whistle.
Former top Prem ref Halsey said: “Mark’s a big loss to UK referees from grassroots right up to the Premier League and the news is a real shame.

Keep up to date with ALL the Premier League news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

“He is seen as a role model for young referees coming through.
“It’s disturbing that it has come to this. Why is our best referee leaving the Premier League?

“The blame lies firmly with Mike Riley. Mark was totally disillusioned with Mike and his management team. He felt there was a lack of support.
“The problem with Mike is everyone is scared of him — he surrounds himself with yes men.
News Group Newspapers Ltd4 SunSport's whistleblower Mark Halsey can't believe the Premier League's best ref has been allowed to leave
Action Images4 Halsey claims everyone is 'afraid' of refs' chief Mike Riley
“Match officials are so unhappy with what is going on because there is a lack of leadership, man-management and direction from the top.”
Even the statement from refs’ governing body, the Professional Game Match Officials Limited, yesterday appeared to take credit for Clattenburg’s achievements rather than praise the Durham whistler.
It read: “We understand this is an exciting opportunity for Mark and it further underlines the high esteem for English match officials throughout the world game.”
Reuters4 Clattenburg is leaving because he is disillusioned with Riley, not because of the money, says Halsey
 
Related Stories'enormous loss' Mark Clattenburg's departure from the Premier League will affect aspiring referees, says Mark Halsey WHO ARE YA? All you need to know about the Saudi Professional League, the new home of Mark Clattenburg Clatt's amazing As Mark Clattenburg quits Prem for Saudi Arabia... we look at controversial ref's seven best moments CLAT GUY Mark Clattenburg's new role, earnings, tattoos and all you need to know about the referee moving to Saudi Arabia Clatt's your lot Mark Clattenburg quits Premier League for mega-money move to Saudi Arabia Clatt's final mark Mark Clattenburg's last act as a Premier League referee has led to Hull receiving a £20,000 fine ExclusiveCLATT'S MY LOT Mark Clattenburg will stun the Premier League by quitting before next round of games over lack of support 
Clattenburg, 41, refereed the Euro and Champions League finals last year — and had tattoos to commemorate both occasions.
But his dream of taking charge of the World Cup final was pushed out of reach after fellow Englishman Howard Webb and Italian Nicola Rizzoli bossed the last two.
That made his decision to quit yesterday for the top refereeing job in Saudi Arabia so much easier.
Halsey added: “I know Mark very well and the public perception of him is arrogance and cockiness. But I can assure that’s not the case.”

