Manchester United star Zlatan Ibrahimovic is a target for Italian giants Napoli this summer
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2880505/manchester-united-star-zlatan-ibrahimovic-is-a-target-for-italian-giants-napoli-this-summer/
16th February 2017, 2:20 pm
ZLATAN IBRAHIMOVIC is a shock target for Italian outfit Napoli.
The Swede is yet to finalise a 12-month extension to his contract at Manchester United, despite the club keen to tie the Swede down.
PA:Press Association3 Zlatan Ibrahimovic has starred for Manchester United this season - but could he be set for a shock move to Napoli?
And now Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has spoke of his admiration for the legendary Swedish striker.

Keep up to date with ALL the MANCHESTER UNITED news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

In an interview with former mayor of Rome, Walter Veltroni, De Laurentiis said: "My dream signing? I always try to go forward with what I have.
"One that I would like, though, is that giant who is at Manchester United now. I had him as a dinner guest in Los Angeles and he's incredibly nice, even though he always seems angry.
"You know the one I'm talking about, right?"
Reuters3 Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho is believed to be keen to get Ibrahimovic's deal sorted sooner rather than later

SunSport exclusively revealed that Jose Mourinho will sit down with Ibrahimovic to discuss his Manchester United future this week.
The United boss is confident the Swedish striker WILL remain at Old Trafford for another 12 months.
There is interest in the 35-year-old from the MLS as well as the mega-rich Chinese Super League.
But the Red Devils want assurances over the ex-PSG forward’s future as they plan their summer budget.
The club want to know how much they can afford as they push to sign £80m-rated Atletico Madrid star Antoine Griezmann.
Related StoriesExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates Live BlogBLUES NEWS Keep up to date with all the ins and outs from Stamford Bridge Live BlogALL THE GOSS All the latest updates from every club as the transfer window opens Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul bak off Koscielny says Baku should not host Europa League final after Mkhitaryan withdraws GLORY HAYES Chelsea Women's manager Emma Hayes throws name into hat to be Sarri's successor 
Getty Images3 Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been a dominant force for Manchester United this season - but will he stay?

A United source revealed: “Jose and Zlatan are expected to sit down in the next few days to find out intentions on both sides.
“Jose is very confident he will stay for another year, but the interest from abroad is worrying the powers that be.
“The budgets are already being set and the pencil pushers want to know what money is going into what pot.
“They want to put it to bed and he know there is enough respect between Jose and the player to now lay cards on the table.”

