Tottenham defender Danny Rose snubs £14.5million-a-year offer from Shanghai SIPG to stay at White Hart Lane… and win trophies
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2865574/tottenham-defender-danny-rose-snubs-14-5million-a-year-offer-from-shanghai-sipg-to-stay-at-white-hart-lane-and-win-trophies/
15th February 2017, 7:15 am
DANNY ROSE rejected a Chinese fortune to help Tottenham win a major trophy.
The England left-back was offered £14.5million-a-year by Shanghai SIPG, who are managed by former Spurs boss Andre Villas-Boas.
PA:Press Association4 Danny Rose would have earned £14.5million a year if he moved to the Chinese Super League
But Rose wants to remain part of Mauricio Pochettino’s Premier League dream factory.

Keep up to date with ALL the Tottenham news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

The 26-year-old could have earned a staggering £285,000 a week AFTER tax, dwarfing the five-year Spurs deal he signed last September.
Sources close to the club revealed that Shanghai were also prepared to offer Tottenham a £38m transfer fee if Rose had agreed to go.
Rose has also been targeted by both Manchester clubs.
But he has no interest in leaving third-placed Tottenham — and his relationship with Argentine boss Pochettino is a big reason to stay.
Getty Images4 Danny Rose has become one of the best left-backs in the world at Tottenham
He said: “I can go to speak to him about a lot of things.
“I am not playing football just for the fun of it. I want to win things.
“When I am 34 or 35, I want to look back and see I have won something.
“That is the next step for this team and to do it we have to keep everyone for as long as possible. I am not going to be distracted by anything else.”
Tottenham face Gent in the first leg of their Europa League last-32 tie tomorrow night.
Getty Images4 Danny Rose hailed boss Mauricio Pochettino and revealed he is a big reason why he snubbed a move to China
And Toby Alder­weireld has warned his fellow Belgians that the North Londoners are desperate to make up for crashing out of the Champions League early — and Saturday’s 2-0 Premier League defeat at Liverpool.
Alderweireld, 27, insisted: “Tottenham are alive and well. We go into every competition to win it — and that is not arrogance, when you play for a club like Spurs that is how it has to be.
“We were disappointed to go out of the Champions League but for many of our young players this was their first experience of playing in it.”

related storiesExclusiverose woe Tottenham star Danny Rose out for rest of the month with suspected knee ligament injury GossipAndre's Spurs raid Danny Rose targeted by Shanghai SIPG boss Andre Villas-Boas after Harry Kane turns down Asia move SponsoredRED ROSE Man Utd want Rose and Walker, Man City fancy Wilshere and Hector could join Chelsea - today's top transfer talk ExclusiveWAR OF THE ROSE Manchester United and City set for £60million transfer battle over Spurs' Kyle Walker and Danny Rose CommentDanny higginbotham Mauricio Pochettino has shown the way for the rest of the Prem on how to beat Chelsea 
Reuters4 Toby Alderweireld insists Tottenham are ready to bounceback after their 2-0 defeat to Liverpool
Alderweireld played for the Germinal Beerschot youth team in Antwerp before joining the famous Ajax academy.
The defender said: “I try to follow the Belgian league as much as I can although the games aren’t shown on TV in England.
“Everyone at Spurs has been asking me what Gent are like, and I say they are a hard team to play against and this will be their cup final.
“But we will be favourites to go through.”


