Ferne McCann says men are put off by her fame as tries to find love in new TV show
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/2817822/ferne-mccann-men-put-off-her-fame-tries-find-love-tv-show/
11th February 2017, 12:04 am
Dating in the 21st century can be such a minefield, even showbiz types need help when it comes to finding a partner.
In fact, This Morning presenter and former TOWIE star Ferne McCann believes appearing on a reality show has negatively affected her love life.
Getty3 Ferne has been the showbiz reporter on This Morning since last year
“A lot of guys are put off by my fame, and then there are the guys who want their own five minutes of fame. Sometimes I just wish I was normal,” admits Ferne, 26.
“I’m a true romantic. I just want to find love.”
Thanks to the follow-up series of Celebs Go Dating, Ferne – along with Hollyoaks actress Jorgie Porter, Celebrity Big Brother’s Stephen Bear, Diversity’s Perri Kiely, Kim Kardashian’s ‘best friend’ Jonathan Cheban, Pussycat Doll Melody Thornton and, trying his luck for the second time, reality star Joey Essex – will be moulded by relationship gurus Eden Blackman and Nadia Essex into perfect dating material.
That’s the idea, at least.
The celebrities are sent to ‘mixers’ to meet potential dates, as well as on a string of one-to-one encounters, and are scrutinised on their performance and told where they’re going wrong in the game of love, so as to improve their future chances.
It’s something Ferne feels she’s benefitted from immensely.

“I’ve learnt to calm it down,” she says.
“If I fancy someone, my God, are they gonna know about it. And if I don’t fancy someone I’m quite dismissive. When I started this process, I was like: ‘I want this, this and this.’ But actually I keep picking those guys and it hasn’t worked.”
That’s not to say Ferne is open to going with the flow – she still has a very long list of attributes she looks for in a man.
“I want someone who’s effortlessly cool, who doesn’t try too hard and is charismatic. I would describe myself as a wild bird; I can’t have my wings clipped but I need someone who will put me in my place,” she grins.
“I want someone I can eat Chinese with on a Friday night and not worry if I’m dripping sweet-and-sour sauce down the front of my top.
"I want someone who’s going to throw me on the bed and also stroke my hair. Looks-wise, I want a blend of Ryan Gosling, Zac Efron and Jack O’Connell.”
Getty3 Single Joey Essex will also take part in the show
Famous for her straight-talking, no-nonsense attitude, Ferne is a big believer in laying her cards on the table at the first opportunity.
“I’m so ready to settle down,” she confides. “If I had the right guy, I’d have a baby tomorrow. I want a big family.
"I have no qualms about bringing it up on a first date. I don’t understand it when people say: ‘It’s going to scare a man off.’ Why?!”
With fellow TOWIE star Joey also looking for a potential partner on the show, couldn’t they just cut out the middle man?
Getty3 Jorgie Porter is hoping to meet the man of her dreams on the show
“I don’t look at him in that way. Whatsoever!” insists the presenter.
Although Ferne’s keen not to give too much away about the men she’s dated on the show, she does give us a taste of what to expect.
“I’ve been out with some real characters,” she says.
“Some said things you wouldn’t believe. One guy told me I had massive legs! And then I travelled to Manchester for a date and it was the maddest, most disastrous date I’ve been on. He tried to suck my neck. It’s comedy gold!”
NEW! Celebs Go Dating Monday 10pm E4

