Wayne Rooney: Manchester United skipper drives new £50,000 BMW X5 Sport into training… and he even has red seats fitted
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2813468/wayne-rooney-manchester-united-bmw-x5-sport-training-pictures/
8th February 2017, 2:07 pm
HE’S Manchester United’s all-time leading goalscorer.
And Wayne Rooney proved once again he’s a Red Devil through and through after rocking up to training in a new £50,000 BMW X5 Sport fitted with luxurious red leather sport seats.
Zenpix5 Wayne Rooney showed off his brand new BMW at Man Utd training
The United captain has a vast collection of motors and had been sticking loyally to his eco-friendly £100,000 BMW i8 since the summer of 2015.

Keep up to date with ALL the Manchester United news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

However, Rooney has decided the time is right for a fresh set of wheels following a change in fortunes at Old Trafford.
The 31-year-old has struggled to impress Jose Mourinho despite his record-breaking theatrics, but whether the vehicular swap hints at a fresh start this summer remains to be seen.
Zenpix5 The United captain felt the time was right for a new set of wheels

Getty Images5 Rooney has struggled for games this season despite becoming the club's record goalscorer
Rooney missed last weekend’s win over Leicester through illness and will be hoping to win back a spot on the bench when Watford visit the Theatre of Dreams on Saturday.
The England skipper was linked with a move to the Chinese Super League last month, while the glitz and glamour of the MLS also remains a possibility.
Related Storiesforget it Atletico Madrid label Man United a small club and claim Antoine Griezmann is going nowhere this summer Exclusive'NOT JUST ANY CLUB' He may have mastered an incredible six languages, but Henrikh Mkhitaryan says his knowledge of Man Utd's history is his biggest asset Team News Manchester United v Watford team news and line-ups: Anthony Martial starts for United, while Wayne Rooney is named on the bench SHIRT AND COLLARED Manchester United are back on top of the table...they head Real Madrid in shirt sales 
PA:Press Association5 Anthony Martial could also find himself on the way out this summer
Getty Images5 Antoine Griezmann could be leaving Atletico Madrid for the Theatre of Dreams
But Rooney isn’t the only Red Devil under the spotlight, with big-money signings Anthony Martial and Luke Shaw reportedly fighting for their United futures.
Chris Smalling and Matteo Darmian could also be axed in the next transfer window, paving the way for United to fund a possible world-record move for Atletico Madrid superstar Antoine Griezmann.

