Chelsea plot a mega summer spending spree, Dortmund identify new striker and Arsenal target wonderkid
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2768959/chelsea-plot-a-mega-summer-spending-spree-dortmund-identify-new-striker-and-arsenal-target-wonderkid/
2nd February 2017, 3:11 pm
THE January transfer window slammed shut on Tuesday with Premier league clubs collectively recording a profit.
And although that means all dealings are finished for the season, that is not stopping plans for the summer beginning to take shape.
Reuters5 Antonio Conte is planning a huge summer spending spree
We have huge news of a £100million summer spending spree for the league leaders.

Keep up to date with ALL the PREMIER LEAGUE news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

And also we have the latest on who Borussia Dortmund want to replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
SunSport brings you all the latest transfer news, rumours and deals, brought to you in association with Toolstation.
related articlesExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates 
TRIPLE THREAT
Celtic striker Moussa Dembele is at the top of Antonio Conte's transfer targets as Chelsea plan a £100m summer spree.
According to the Mirror, the Premier League leaders are ready to spend big on the Frenchman as well as Real Madrid forward Alvaro Morata and Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk.
Read more about Conte's transfer plans here.
Getty Images5 Inaki Williams could be on his way to Borussia Dortmund
REVOLVING DOR
Inaki Williams has been linked with a £43million move to Dortmund.
Marca report that the Athletic Bilbao striker could be on his was from San Mames if Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang leaves this summer.
Read more about the potential transfer of Williams here.
5 German youngster Daniel Hanslik was pictured with Mustafi and Ozil at the Arsenal training ground
HANS FREE
Wonderkid Daniel Hanslik has sparked rumours he is on a trial with Arsenal after he was snapped with Mesut Ozil and Shkodran Mustafi.
The SV Steinbach striker has netted 14 goals with five assists in 20 appearances which has attracted the attention of some of Europe’s elite.
Borussia Dortmund have been keeping a close eye on Hanslik but it looks like the Gunners could have beat them to the whizkid after he appeared at London Colney.
Getty Images5 Reports today suggest United have agreed a deal with Griezmann
GRIEZ IS THE WORD
Manchester United believe they “already have the basis of an agreement” to sign Antoine Griezmann next summer, according to reports.
The Atletico Madrid forward, so strongly rumoured with a move to Old Trafford this season, could have his dream move in the summer as the deal appears to be further along than first thought.
Get the latest on Griezmann’s potential move here.
5 Erik Lamela has been plagued by injuries this season
HOMECOMING?
River Plate are reportedly lining up a move to bring homesick Erik Lamela back to Argentina from Tottenham.
The attacker has not played since late October due to a hip condition, for which he travelled back to former club Roma to receive treatment.
Get more on Lamela’s current situation at Spurs here.
SIG-GY STARDUST
Gylfi Sigurdsson drew the interest of big-spending Chinese Super League during the January transfer window.
One bid is thought to have topped £30million but Swans’ chiefs made it quite clear they had no intention of losing ‘The Iceman’.
Read more on the interest in Sigurdsson here.
The January transfer window hot gossip round-up, in association with Toolstation.



