Fellaini insists he did NOT quit Man Utd for money as he trains with Shandong Luneng for first time since agreeing £360k-a-week deal
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/8477044/fellaini-man-utd-china-training/
21st February 2019, 10:52 am
FORMER Manchester United midfielder Marouane Fellaini claims his move to the Chinese Super League was not money-driven as he sought a fresh start in his career.
And the 31-year-old Belgian, who was pictured in training with Shandong Luneng for the first time, says he is not interested in a quick return to Europe.
Instagram @fellaini3 Marouane Fellaini trains with Shandong Luneng for the first time
Fellaini reportedly signed a whopping £365,000-a-week deal with the Chinese outift, leaving the Premier League after 10 years having played in more than 350 games for Everton and Manchester United.
But the midfielder insists he did not move to Shandong Luneng for money as he considered it a now-or-never opportunity for a new challenge in his career.
He told Het Niuewsblad: "Not me. I see this as a challenge at a club that has it all. Literally. You should see our medical and technical facilities. I love being here.
"I went to Shandong Luneng now because they were interested for years already. And I felt ready for a new challenge, a new culture, a new life.
Instagram @fellaini3 The Belgian penned a whopping £365k-per-week deal with the Chinese outfit on February 1
More Man Utd newsLive BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal Exclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld PARTEY TIME? Utd and Arsenal boost as Atletico's Partey refuses to rule out transfer 'you crook' Man Utd fans lay into Alexis Sanchez after flop reveals he is starring in movie PEPE LE CHEW Pepe's dad was prison guard - but he nearly lost career over stolen chocolate 
"Okay, I'm only 31 years old. But I signed for three years. Afterwards I'm 34, then it would be too late to go to China.
"I could have joined a top European club and been important there for two more years, that would have been no problem. But after 10 years and 350 games in England, I felt ready for this step. I'm happy with my choice."
Fellaini claims that, despite missing the Premier League crown in his personal trophy cabinet, he feels fulfilled as a player and will not have another shot at top European football.
Getty - Contributor3 Fellaini, who has won the Europa League with Manchester United, says he feels fulfilled as a footballer
He added: "At Everton I did well and at United I won some cups and a Europa League. The only thing missing is a Premier League title, that's true.
"But I don't dream anymore about a comeback to European top football. But maybe a comeback to Belgium, why not?
"My first season in Manchester was difficult, but I left as a respected player. I gave my very best for this club, played so many games and almost only scored important goals.
"I worked with super players and managers at one of the biggest clubs in the world. Then you can only look back with a smile."
Gary Neville says that Lukaku, Mata and Fellaini are too slow for Manchester United 
 

