Manchester United believe they ‘have agreement’ to sign Antoine Griezmann from Atletico Madrid
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2764039/manchester-united-believe-they-have-agreement-to-sign-antoine-griezmann-from-atletico-madrid/
2nd February 2017, 12:56 am
MANCHESTER UNITED believe they "already have the basis of an agreement" to sign Antoine Griezmann next summer, according to reports.
The Atletico Madrid forward, so strongly rumoured with a move to Old Trafford this season, could have his dream move in the summer as the deal appears to be further along than first thought.
CLAIM YOUR FREE £10 BET WITH SUN BETS
Reuters4 Antoine Griezmann is Jose Mourinho's top target for Manchester United but will have to wait until the summer

Keep up to date with ALL the Manchester United news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

Yahoo claims that Atletico Madrid were keen to sell the France international as long as United did not make a move in January - while the season is still in progress.
Should United have held talks over the finer details of Griezmann’s potential summer move will excite fans, ahead of him even being handed the famous No.7 shirt vacated by Memphis Depay.
Getty Images4 Reports today suggest United have agreed a deal with Griezmann-+
United may have smash their own world record transfer fee of £89m which they paid to sign Paul Pogba from Juventus last summer if they want Griezmann.
United boss Jose Mourinho has already identified his summer transfer targets ahead of a potential £80million bid for Antoine Griezmann.
EPA4 Atletico Madrid are resigned to losing star striker Griezmann this summer
related storiesExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates Live BlogBLUES NEWS Keep up to date with all the ins and outs from Stamford Bridge Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul bak off Koscielny says Baku should not host Europa League final after Mkhitaryan withdraws Exclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' GossipJUR JOKING Juventus 'contact' Klopp over shock move to replace Allegri... but to no avail 

The Special One is keen to bring more star names to Old Trafford after landing the likes of Paul Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic last year.
And Griezmann himself reportedly is keen to move to Manchester, revealing he wants to play at some point with Pogba, his France international team-mate and that the duo have spoken about what life is like in the Premier League.
Getty Images4 Antoine Griezmann leaped highest to fire Atletico Madrid back into the tie against Barcelona yesterday

And his brother Theo has whetted United fans' appetites recently by posting a cryptic picture of Old Trafford.
But the Red Devils will face competition from mega-rich Inter Milan, whose new Chinese owners are looking to land a world class star in the summer and want Griezmann for £110m.
United though are confident of landing the Atletico star, who scored yesterday in his side's 2-1 Copa del Rey defeat to Barcelona - perhaps shown by Mourinho not signing anyone in last month's transfer window and preferring to wait until the summer to get his main man.


