Woman who had three failed rounds of IVF and a miscarriage is finally a mum to miracle twins – after meeting a surrogate on FACEBOOK
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/2753255/woman-who-had-three-failed-rounds-of-ivf-and-a-miscarriage-is-finally-a-mum-to-miracle-twins-after-meeting-a-surrogate-on-facebook/
31st January 2017, 10:09 pm
A woman left heartbroken after three failed rounds of IVF and a miscarriage has finally become a mum to miracle twins - after meeting her surrogate on FACEBOOK.
Beauty therapist Nicola Ede and her husband Matt, 34, fell in love at 15 and planned the perfect life together with a house, three kids and a dog.
SWNS10 Nicola Ede was overjoyed to have twins after 3 failed rounds of IVF and one miscarriage
SWNS10 Nicola's endometriosis made it difficult for the couple to conceive
SWNS10 While dad Matt's smoking habit meant they weren't eligible for IVF on the NHS
They married in 2006 and tried for a baby but their dream was shattered when Nicola, 35, was diagnosed with endometriosis and told she could be infertile.
Over the next 10 years, the childhood sweethearts tried desperately to conceive - splashing £50,000 on IVF, vitamins and Chinese herbal remedies.
Nicola fell pregnant once in 2009 and she and Matt, a joiner, were "over the moon" - only to be left devastated after suffering a miscarriage at seven weeks.
SWNS10 The couple welcomed Felix and Savannah into the world on October 27 last year
SWNS:South West News Service10 Nicola and Matt were overjoyed when a potential surrogate, who has three of her own kids, contacted them on Facebook
SWNS:South West News Service10 The couple, pictured on their wedding day, had spent £50k on fertility treatments
In 2011, they were told that killer cells in Nicola's body were attacking each embryo and she was unlikely to be able to give birth.
Incredibly, after a decade of trying, she has finally become a mother to healthy twins after a stranger contacted her on Facebook and offered to be their surrogate.
Five months after messaging Nicola in March last year, the surrogate 'Claire' had two embryos implanted and, on October 27, Savannah and Felix Ede were born via C-section.
Nicola, of Bookham, Surrey, said: "We were really nervous because it’s not something you do every day, but the surrogate was amazing.
"She made the whole journey an incredible experience for us. We were together all the time and she made me feel like I was pregnant.
“She would tell me everything she was feeling, every little kick, she would send me videos and we went to every appointment."
Related Stories'Our very own Prince and Princess' Hollyoaks' Kieron Richardson reveals he's having a boy AND a girl with husband ExclusiveMIRACLE TRIPLETS This couple couldn't afford IVF so they put a baby on their wedding list... and ended up with THREE FALSE HOPE IVF clinics are using 'misleading success rates' to advertise their services to couples WHO’S THE DADDY? IVF treatment mix-up could have seen eggs of 26 women fertilised by wrong sperm by george! Pregnant woman handed 'secret' £9k by George Michael for IVF reveals she will name baby after him 
SWNS10 Matt and Nicola had been trying to conceive for a whole decade
SWNS:South West News Service10 Three months on, Nicola says: 'We can’t quite believe that they are ours. They are so precious. We’ve got our dream'
She added: "I had imagined waiting years to find a surrogate so I feel like Claire was sent to us, and having the twins is beyond what I ever imagined.
"I had got to the point where I was thinking, ‘This is never going to happen for us.’
"We both find ourselves just staring at them. We can’t quite believe that they are ours. They are so precious. We’ve got our dream."
Nicola realised she may never have children in 2006 after doctors removed a cyst from her ovaries and discovered she had endometriosis.
The condition, where pieces of the womb lining are found outside the womb, left her suffering agonising period pains and internal scarring.
Doctors also warned Nicola that she may be infertile - but told her she was 'young' with 'plenty of time', so to 'go away and try' naturally anyway.
After spending months drinking Chinese tea, taking vitamins and cutting sugar, wheat and dairy out of her diet, Nicola started looking into IVF in 2009.
The couple went private because they weren't eligible for a free cycle on the NHS - because Matt was a smoker who was struggling to quit.
They forked out £22,500 for three rounds of IVF at the Lister Fertility Clinic in Chelsea, London, in 2009, 11 and 13, but not one of them worked.
After four invasive surgeries, they resigned themselves to the fact that Nicola wouldn't be able to carry a child and started researching surrogacy.
But with their savings exhausted and no options available on the NHS, Nicola, Matt and their families resorted to fundraising.
They set up The Ede Family Surrogacy and IVF Fund in May 2015 and donations of cash and children's clothes and toys for them to sell in nearly-new sales flooded in.
It's illegal to advertise for a surrogate in the UK, so Nicola and Matt thought they would be looking for years - but, three months later, Claire messaged them.
SWNS10 Baby Felix weighed 6lbs3
SWNS10 While his sister Savannah weighed 5lb11
The first-time surrogate, who had carried twins before and lived just six miles away, agreed to have two embryos implanted.
The trio then planned every detail of the pregnancy and had counselling, and three months after meeting the embryos were implanted at Epsom New Life Clinic, Surrey.
At six weeks, they discovered both embryos had survived so they were having twins and, at 16 weeks, they learned they were expecting a boy and a girl.
On October 27, a month early, the twins were born via C-section - with Felix appearing at 11.36am weighing 6lbs3, and Savannah a minute later weighing 5lbs11.
Throughout the operation, Nicola and Matt held Claire's hands - and the moment the babies were born they were handed over.
Nicola said: "It was incredible. It didn’t feel real. My husband was sobbing like a blubbering mess and I was just in shock. The next day I couldn’t stop crying.
"Claire stayed in for a few days and then went home. We have bonded so much.
“She said so many people have asked, ‘How can you give away your baby?’, but she says, ‘They are not mine.’
“From day one she knew they weren’t hers, she was looking after them and they are biologically ours. She was just so happy to see us so happy."
Former Sainsbury's worker Claire, who has a 10-year-old son and four-year-old twin boys, couldn't stop thinking about the couple after reading their story.
The married 32-year-old said: "I eventually had to reach out to them and make it known that I would be willing to help them.
"It is a lot of responsibility and pressure to carry someone else's children - it has the same hormones, worries and emotions as every other pregnancy plus more on top.
"But I am so proud of what we all did. I was able to be there when they saw their babies for the very first time. That moment was what it was all for."


