Arsenal 1 Watford 2: Watch highlights as Younes Kaboul and Troy Deeney strike early to shock Arsene Wenger at the Emirates
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2753128/arsenal-1-watford-2-younes-kaboul-troy-deeney-arsene-wenger-emirates/
31st January 2017, 9:45 pm
ARSENAL'S title hopes took a major hit on Tuesday night as noisy neighbours Watford turned up to spoil the party at the Emirates.
The Gunners were hoping to take some momentum into their crunch clash against leaders Chelsea this weekend.
Reuters8 Troy Deeney inspired Watford to a big win over Arsenal at the Emirates
But a shock early double from Younes Kaboul and Troy Deeney put Watford firmly in the hotseat after just 13 minutes, with the skipper later going to dedicate the win to the late Graham Taylor.

Keep up to date with ALL the Arsenal news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

Arsenal were clearly stunned as they failed to find a way through Walter Mazzarri's stubborn defence.
But youngster Alex Iwobi gave the home side some hope when he pulled one back with half an hour remaining.
Reuters8 Deeney's goal had Watford 2-0 up within the opening 13 minutes

Reuters8 Younes Kaboul had Watford ahead with just 10 minutes on the clock
But Arsenal's pressure failed to give way to an equaliser as Arsene Wenger watched on from the stands.
And Gunners fans will be hoping the team can now pick themselves up when they visit Stamford Bridge in the early kick off on Saturday.

Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport's daily LIVE blog

Related StoriesLive BlogDEADLINE DAY LIVE Everton get Mangala loan done as transfers filter through after deadline Ram-Blow Aaron Ramsey adds to Arsenal's injury woes after limping off inside 20 minutes during clash with Watford Done Deal Arsenal prodigy Stephy Mavididi joins Charlton on loan until the end of the season HINDS-SIGHT Arsenal loan Kaylen Hinds to Stevenage until the end of the season - after signing youngster to new deal 
AP:Associated Press8 The defender silenced the home crowd with an absolute scorcher
EPA8 Alex Iwobi pulled one back for Arsenal with over half an hour to play
FACTS, STATS, GOALS AND LOLS

AARON RAMSEY limped off clutching his right calf just minutes after deflecting Etienne Capoue’s long-range effort past Petr Cech off the same part of his body.
RAMSEY’s latest injury could not have come at a worse time for Arsenal. With Granit Xhaka suspended, Mohamed Elneny at the African Nations Cup and Santi Cazorla still sidelined, Francis Coquelin will be their only recognised central midfield player available for Saturday’s trip to Chelsea.
THERE was one ray of sunshine for suspended Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger. At least he stayed nice and dry in his comfy seat in the Emirates directors’ box.
NACHO MONREAL was deservedly booked for diving when he went down in the Watford penalty area under the merest suggestion of contact from Craig Cathcart.
IF Wenger really thinks that Gabriel has a future at right-back, it’s probably a good job that Arsenal didn’t sell Carl Jenkinson and Mathieu Debuchy during the transfer window.  The clumsy Brazilian was worse than awful.

Reuters8 Arsenal pushed but could not find an equaliser
PA:Press Association8 Arsenal will now be hoping the result doesn't affect their performance against Chelsea

WENGER claims he has never had better attacking options during his 20 years in charge yet his team still took 50 minutes to manage their first shot on target against a Watford team without a win in their previous seven League games.
WITH their title challenge over for another year and Champions League elimination looming against Bayern Munich, maybe Arsenal should start resting their stars for Sutton United in the FA Cup.
WATFORD confirmed that striker Odion Ighalo has completed a £20million move to Chinese club Changchun Yatai. Smart business by the club who turned down a £37.5million bid for the Nigerian striker from Shanghai SIPG six months ago.
WALTER MAZZARRI has clearly been given a copy of the Tony Pulis book of tactics. The Watford boss started the evening with four centre-halfs in his defence. But they were all needed to resist the late Arsenal onslaught.
THE visitors infuriated the notoriously grumpy Arsenal fans with their delaying tactics. Debutant M’Baye Niang took an eternity to walk off when he was substituted despite getting a hurry-up from ref Andre Marriner.

THE BIG PICTURE
8
Arsenal next five fixtures
Chelsea (A): 4 Feb - Prem
Hull (H): 11 Feb - Prem
Bayern Munich (A): 15 Feb - CL
Sutton United (A): 18 Feb - FA
Liverpool (A): 4 Mar - Prem
Watford next five fixtures
Burnley (H): 4 Feb - Prem
Man Utd (A): 11 Feb - Prem
West Ham (H): 25 Feb - Prem
Southampton (H): 4 Mar - Prem
Chelsea (A): 13 Mar - Prem
DREAM TEAM RATINGS
Arsenal: Cech 6, Gabriel 7, Mustafi 6, Koscielny 6, Monreal 6, Coquelin 6 (Perez 6), Ramsey 5 (Oxlade-Chamberlain 6), Iwobi 7, Ozil 7, Sanchez 6, Giroud 5 (Walcott 6)
Subs not used: Gibbs, Ospina, Bellerin, Maitland-Niles
Goal: Iwobi 58'
Booked: Gabriel, Monreal, Sanchez
Watford: Gomes 7, Cathcart 6, Kaboul 8, Prodl 7, Britos 6, Janmaat 7, Capoue 8, Behrami 7 (Doucoure 6), Cleverley 6, Niang 6 (Success 6), Deeney 7 (Okaka 5)
Subs not used: Mariappa, Watson, Mason, Arlauskis
Goals: Kaboul 10', Deeney 13'
Booked: Prodl, Cleverley, Okaka
STAR MAN: Younes Kaboul 8
SOCIAL SAYS

Oh well arsenal fan tv is going to be jokessss— Jonathan Fowler (@JonathanFowle10) January 31, 2017


Watford's first win since the start of December, 7 matches ago... want to kick start your season? Play Arsenal.— Magnifiqué (@GameChangerEW) January 31, 2017



Fully expect an Arsenal Fan TV We missed Xhaka' instalment tonight. Arsenal will simply never win the league again with Wenger.— Samuel Luckhurst (@samuelluckhurst) January 31, 2017


THEY SAID
Watford captain Troy Deeney: “We were much the better team in the first half and we took our chances when they came. A really good team performance.
“It is Graham Taylor’s funeral tomorrow so I think all the players and fans would like to dedicate that to him.”

