Jose Mourinho: Manchester United boss rejected Chinese Super League offer and admits worries over money
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2742418/jose-mourinho-manchester-united-rejected-chinese-super-league/
30th January 2017, 5:10 pm
JOSE MOURINHO claims he rejected a big-money offer to manage in the Chinese Super League.
The Special One was believed to be targeted by super-rich clubs when he was sacked by Chelsea in December 2015.
Getty Images5 Jose Mourinho claims he rejected an approach to manage in the Chinese Super League
But Mourinho held his ground and ended up landing his dream job at Manchester United the following summer.

Keep up to date with ALL the Manchester United news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

However, teams in China could yet remain interested despite Mourinho’s lengthy contract at Old Trafford.
Big names including Luiz Felipe Scolari and Andre-Villas Boas are already managing in the Far East.
Reuters5 The Special One was targeted after being sacked by Chelsea in 2015

Getty Images5 Luiz Felipe Scolari is already one of the big names managing in China
And Mourinho claims he's already had one tempting offer from the CSL, telling GQ: “I have already refused a big offer to go to China, but I don’t criticise anyone who decides to do it.
“It’s their choice, their life. Only they can decide what they need for their future. Other managers in the Premier League have been critical, but I am no critic.”

Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport's daily LIVE blog

Related StoriesLive BlogDEADLINE DAY LIVE Everton get Mangala loan done as transfers filter through after deadline PicturedTaxi for Martial? Anthony Martial goes to Man Utd training in cab wondering if he's done enough to secure Old Trafford future Thanks for sweet FA Gary Lineker says FA made the BBC show Man Utd for the 56th straight time instead of Lincoln ON THE LOOK OUT Jose Mourinho continues to boost scouting department after poaching Radoslaw Kucharski from Legia Warsaw 
Getty Images5 Andre Villas-Boas is also trying his luck in the Far East
Getty Images5 Mourinho admits the money in China could tempt top players away from Europe
Mourinho also revealed China’s deep pockets could make it difficult for European clubs to keep hold of their best players, adding: “If you are negotiating a new contract with one of your players, and you offer him £5m per year and they offer £25m, then you have a big problem.
“I am worried because they can offer contracts that are impossible to offer in Europe.”

