When will the first flying car be released? These pictures reveal just how close we’re getting to the dream
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2740200/when-will-the-first-flying-car-be-released-these-pictures-reveal-just-how-close-were-getting-to-the-dream/
30th January 2017, 1:35 pm
MANY drivers have hoped for the day when they cars can fly through the air.
Inventors and entrepreneurs have long tried and failed to make the dream a reality, but that may be changing.
AP:Associated Press6 The Israeli-made Cormorant being tested in Megiddo in 2016
Nearly a dozen companies around the globe, including some with deep pockets such as European aircraft maker Airbus, are competing to be the first to develop a new kind of aircraft that will enable commuters to glide above crowded roadways.
A few of the aircraft under development are cars with wings that unfold for flight, but most aren't cars at all.
Typically they take off and land vertically like helicopters. Rather than a single, large main rotor, they have multiple small rotors.
AP:Associated Press6 An artist's illustrationg of Vahana, a flying car project from Airbus
Each rotor is operated by a battery-powered electric motor instead of a conventional aircraft piston engine.
It's no sure bet that flying-car dreams will turn into reality.
There are many obstacles, including convincing regulators that the aircraft are safe, figuring out how to handle thousands of new low-flying aircraft over cities without collisions and developing batteries that will keep them aloft long enough to be useful.
But entrepreneurs are moving forward. They see a vast potential market for "air taxis" and personally owned small aircraft to transport people from the fringes of metropolitan areas to city centres as urban areas grow more congested and people spend more time stuck in traffic.
They envision tens of thousands of one or two-person flying taxis delivering passengers to the rooftops of office buildings in city centres and other landing pads during rush hours.
AP:Associated Press6 This image from Urban Aeronautics/Tactical Robotics shows an Israeli-made flying car
"In as little as 10 years, products could be on the market that revolutionize urban travel for millions of people," said Zach Lovering, the leader of Airbus' project to develop an autonomous flying taxi called the Vahana. The name means the mount or vehicle of a Hindu deity.
Uber released a 98-page report in October making the business case for air taxis, which the company sees as the future of on-demand transportation.
Uber doesn't have any plans to develop a flying car itself, but the online transportation network is advising several companies that have aircraft in the works.
"The role we want to play is as a catalyst for the entire industry," said Nikhil Goel, an Uber project manager for advanced programs.
AP:Associated Press6 Another view of Vahana, a flying car from Airbus
Some of the aircraft are drones that will be preprogrammed for each flight and monitored or operated from the ground or a command center. Others are designed for human pilots.
It's unclear yet how much the aircraft will cost, although prices are likely to vary significantly. Some of the aircraft are designed to be individually owned, while others are envisioned more for commercial use.
Designers hope that if demand is high, prices can be kept affordable through economies of mass production.
Several recent developments could make these aircraft possible. Advances in computing power mean the rotors on multi-copter drones can be adjusted many times per second, making the aircraft easy to control.
PR Company6 The AeroMobil 3.0 'flying roadster' pictured during its test flight in Slovakia
Drones have also benefited from advances in battery and electric motor technology. Some companies, like Chinese dronemaker EHang, are scaling-up drones so that they can carry people.
Another aircraft under development, Santa Cruz, California-based Joby Aviation's S2, looks more like a conventional plane except that there are 12 tiltrotors spread along the wings and tail.
And some, like the Vahana, a cockpit mounted on a sled and flanked by propellers in front and back, don't really look like any aircraft in the skies today.
"In terms of what you can make fly in a reliable manner, the solution speed gateway that (computer) chips have gone through recently have literally opened the door to a whole new world of flying machine possibilities," said Charles Eastlake, an Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University professor emeritus of aerospace engineering.
AP:Associated Press6 An artist's illustration of the Joby S2 Electric VTOL PAV aircraft by Joby Aviation
But he also cautioned: "My best engineering guess is that people actually using autonomous air taxis in the next 10 or 15 years is possible, but definitely not certain. The challenges are big."
Key for many of the designs will be the development of longer-lasting lightweight batteries.
Currently available batteries could probably keep an air taxi aloft about 15 to 30 minutes before it would have to land, experts said.
Depending on how fast the aircraft flies, that probably isn't quite enough to transport passengers between nearby cities or across metropolitan areas, experts said.
Reducing noise is another challenge since air taxis will be taking off and landing in densely populated areas. So is creating enough landing pads to handle lots of aircraft at the same time. A new air traffic control system would also likely be needed.
Related StoriesSIRI THE SEXIST Siri encourages sexism by flirting with men who call her a sl*t, says UN GREAT CALL Best OnePlus 7 Pro deals – cheapest contracts from just £43 a month revealed ExclusiveNO WEI! EE, O2 and Vodafone slammed for selling Huawei phones 'that might not work' SAUCY SCAMS Porn block could get you HACKED as crooks plot to 'trick Brits with fake sites' CAPTURE THE MOON Honor launches THREE new “pro camera” phones - Honor 20, 20 Pro and Lite SICK SHOTS Hit video game urges players to kill journalists 'to make them famous’ ON THIN ICE What is global warming and what effect is it having on the earth? TOP OF THE LEAGUE Champions League Final on BT Sport will look BETTER for you with HDR TV LatestHUNG UP EE back up after five HOUR outage that left thousands unable to make calls BreakingLOGGED OFF Virgin Media gaffe that left thousands of Brits with no internet now 'fixed' 
"It's pretty clear that the existing air traffic control system won't scale to the kind of density at low altitudes that people are talking about," said John Hansman, a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor who chairs the FAA's research and engineering advisory committee.
NASA is developing an air traffic control system for small drones that perhaps could be expanded to include flying cars.
"There's no question we can build the vehicle," Hansman said. "The big challenge is whether we can build a vehicle that would be allowed to operate in the places where people want to use it."





We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368







