Liverpool transfer news: Philippe Coutinho insists he has no plans to join Barcelona or Chinese Super League
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2727114/liverpool-transfer-news-philippe-coutinho-barcelona-chinese-super-league-rejects/
28th January 2017, 9:23 am
PHILIPPE COUTINHO insists he has no interest in joining the Chinese Super League revolution OR Barcelona.
The Brazilian signed a new five-year deal at Anfield worth £200,000 a week on Wednesday.
Getty Images4 Philippe Coutinho insists he has no plans to quit Liverpool for the Chinese Super League or Barcelona
Yet there are still fears on Merseyside Coutinho's contract is simply insurance for the Reds should he decide to leave.


Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport's daily LIVE blog


The lure of a mega pay day in China has seen national team-mates Oscar and Hulk join the Far East league.
But Coutinho, 24, said: "China, no. I am not interested. I don't think about that, not for one moment. My football is here. My heart is here. I don't think about any other club. Not at all."
Barca are thought to be weighing up a £60million bid for the Liverpool playmaker.
PA:Press Association4 Philippe Coutinho signed a new five-year Anfield deal worth £200,000 a week on Wednesday
Related StoriesRevealedPhil good factor As Liverpool fans celebrate Philippe Coutinho's new five-year deal, we reveal why his Premier League rivals will be cursing it Coutinho signs Liverpool hand Philippe Coutinho new £200,000-a-week deal until 2022 to be club's best-paid player ever Gome for the future Joe Gomez has impressed manager Jurgen Klopp so much that he has earned five-year extension ExclusiveUwe Kops Cam Jurgen Klopp sends Kop kid Cameron Brannagan on loan to Fleetwood for rest of season By Jorge! Man City, Liverpool and Inter Milan beaten by Monaco in race to sign heralded Brazilian left-back Jorge 
Speaking to the Daily Mail though, Coutinho added: "I believe in finding somewhere you can express yourself, play without fear, play with everything you have. When you find that place, stay. Liverpool has a plan. To be back on the top and that's what I believe in. I want to be part of that.
"From the owner, the manager, my team-mates. There is nothing that stops us competing with the big clubs. Yes, clubs like Barcelona. Why not?
"I am comfortable here, my family is comfortable here. No doubts."
PA:Press Association4 Philippe Coutinho says he wants to become a Liverpool legend like Ian Rush or Kenny Dalglish
News Group Newspapers Ltd4 Philippe Coutinho has attracted interest from Barcelona for his brilliant performances in a Liverpool shirt
The former Inter Milan star says that by committing his future to the club he has the chance to fulfil his dream of becoming a Kop legend.
He said: "I understand what Liverpool means. We can say Dalglish, Rush, Hansen, Souness, Suarez, Gerrard.
'To have signed a new contract at this club, my goal is to be thought of one day in the same way as these players. They are legends. You define the success of a player by his loyalty or his titles. Or both. In order to be part of this group, I have so much to do.
"I want to win titles. Five years is my new contract . . . it gives me that opportunity."


Keep up to date with ALL the Liverpool news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary





