Size 26 woman who had to use seatbelt extenders didn’t want to wed until she’d shed nearly 10 STONE
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/diets/2691130/size-26-woman-who-had-to-use-seatbelt-extenders-didnt-want-to-wed-until-shed-shed-nearly-10-stone/
24th January 2017, 12:29 pm
WHEN it comes to brides and their big day, the dream of wearing 'the dress' can be tarnished by the desire to lose weight, whether they need to or not.
But there’s losing a few lbs and toning up the wobbly bits under your arms, and then there’s Jennifer Ginley's life-changing NINE STONE weight loss.
Jennifer Ginley16 Jennifer Ginley was shocked when she saw holiday photos of herself
The 26-year-old, whose Instagram followers have followed her journey to lose 9st 9lbs and drop nine dress sizes, has been named Slimming World’s Miss Slinky 2017.
It all started after Jennifer was forced to buy size 26 clothes for a once-in-a-lifetime holiday to Florida with her family and was left devastated by the photos from the trip.
Jennifer, who lives with her mum Janet in Liverpool, said: “I’d been a fairly averaged-size child but I was a size 18 by the time I went to university in Manchester.
Jennifer Ginley16 There were lots of unflattering angles of Jennifer while on holiday
“Living away from home saw me gain even more weight and I was around five stone heavier when I graduated.
“I’d tried so many diets in the past, but all of them seemed to make food the enemy, so I never addressed my relationship with over-eating and nothing seemed to work for me.
“When I found myself buying size 26 clothes for the holiday I’d been looking forward to for so long, I knew something had to change.
megan.featherstone@slimming-world.com16 Even meeting her favourite childhood character, Ariel, was tarnished by her weight
“I also had to ask for a seatbelt extender on the plane.
"I spent our time there having to ride on the adjusted seats for larger people, and I was horrified when I saw the photos.
“One picture of me with the Little Mermaid – my favourite Disney character – actually made me gasp.
Jennifer Ginley16 For years Jennifer failed to stay on diets
“I saw myself in a whole new light – I looked so unhealthy that I cried, wondering how and why I had done that to myself.”
Jennifer joined the Kirkby Slimming World group in May 2015 along with mum Janet and her sister Christine.
Together they began following the Food Optimising healthy eating plan.
She said: “We got such a warm welcome from everyone.
PA:Press Association16 Jennifer can hardly contain her excitement at the huge weight loss
SWNS:South West News Service16 Jennifer with fella, Luke before and after the weight loss
SWNS:South West News Service16 The happy couple, post weight loss, have been together 11 years and are ready to tie the knot!
Jennifer Ginley16 Since joining Slimming World the Merseyside stunner has managed to keep the weight off
“I can honestly say that walking into that group was without doubt the best thing I have ever done in my life.
“I’d been a member before but this time it just clicked, I think because I just didn’t want to waste any more of my life being overweight and disliking myself for it.”
In fact, Jennifer, a Citizens Advice caseworker, claims the biggest change since her weight loss has been to her positive mentality: “Before I lost weight I had a massive lack of belief in myself, I was a serial failed-dieter.
SWNS:South West News Service16 “During my weight-loss journey, I’d visualise myself on the cover of the magazine, I even superimposed a photo of my face onto a cover!"
Jennifer Ginley16 "I finally took control." Jennifer said of her eating habits
“Finally taking control of my weight was such a huge turning point for me, both physically and mentally.
“My boyfriend Luke and I have been together for more than 11 years and I always used to discourage him from proposing because I couldn’t imagine myself as a bride being the size I was.
“I reached my target weight just over a year after joining Slimming World and just before Christmas Luke asked me to marry him!
megan.featherstone@slimming-world.com16 Jennifer is so happy to have finally reached her goal of Slimming World cover girl
She excitedly said: “It was such an incredible feeling to be able to say ‘Yes!’ without even a second thought about my weight, and I can’t wait to go dress shopping.”
And it’s not just Jennifer who has benefited from her amazing transformation, she’s already inspired lots of other people to embark on their own weight-loss journeys, too: “A really key part of my journey was keeping an online food diary so that I could chart my progress.
SWNS:South West News Service16 Posing with Minnie Mouse left Jennifer feeling frumpy
“From day one I posted my meals on my Instagram account and it really helped me to stay on track. Now I have over 75,000 followers!
“I still have to pinch myself when people call me an inspiration, or say that they’re going to start slimming because of me.
MENU BEFOREBreakfast: Nothing
Mid-morning: Crisps and chocolate
Lunch: Shop-bought sandwiches, greasy café food, chip shop meals or packet noodles
Mid-afternoon: Fresh cream cakes and biscuits
Dinner: Chinese takeaway or frozen pizzas and oven chips, fizzy drinks
Evening: More crisps, white toast with butter

“From day one I posted my meals on my Instagram account and it really helped me to stay on track. Now I have over 75,000 followers!
“My mum and sister have lost over seven stone between them, so we’re always swapping ideas and cooking lovely Food Optimised meals for each other.
SWNS:South West News Service16 Jennifer said: "Finally taking control of my weight was such a huge turning point for me."
Since joining the dieting club Jennifer has a whole new approach to eating.
She said: “Before I wouldn’t eat any breakfast or prepare any lunch or snacks for work, so I always found myself eating whatever I could lay my hands on.
MENU AFTER
Breakfast: Porridge with lots of fresh fruit, baked oats with fruit or a Slimming World ‘fry’-up
Mid-morning: Fruit
Lunch: Homemade Slimming World-style crust-less quiche, homemade vegetable soup or a tuna sandwich in wholemeal bread
Mid-afternoon: Small bag of Cheetos crisps
Dinner: Chicken stir-fry, spaghetti bolognese, Diet cola chicken, Scouse (beef stew) or Pizza omelette with salad
Evening: Fresh fruit topped with quark, small chocolate bar

“Now I prepare in advance so I’m ready for the day ahead – enjoying porridge and fruit for breakfast and taking tasty salads or homemade soup to work with me.
“During my weight-loss journey, I’d visualise myself at target and on the cover of the magazine, inspiring other slimmers with my success. I even superimposed a photo of my face onto a magazine cover and stuck it on my bedroom wall!
SWNS:South West News Service16 Even at her graduation, Jennifer felt overweight
SWNS:South West News Service16 Jennifer admitted: "I saw myself in a whole new light – I looked so unhealthy that I cried."
“Recently, I’ve also had surgery to remove some loose skin on my tummy, which has given me an extra boost of confidence.
“I feel like I’m a butterfly, emerging from my cocoon. I might be half the size but I feel like I’m double the person now. I know I have the strength and the willpower to achieve anything I put my mind to, and that’s a really powerful feeling."

Taking the first few steps, and making the first tweaks to your eating can be daunting, but it can be done as Jennifer proved.
The March/April 2017 issue of Slimming World magazine, which will feature Jennifer on the cover, is on newsstands from Thursday February 9 2017.
SWNS:South West News Service16 The March/April 2017 issue is on sale Thursday February 9 2017.

