Manchester City transfer news: As Pep Guardiola looks to let Sergio Aguero leave, we look at the five clubs he could end up at next… including Antonio Conte’s Chelsea
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2683245/manchester-city-transfer-news-pep-guardiola-sergio-aguero-chelsea/
23rd January 2017, 12:19 pm
Things are looking pretty gloomy on the blue half of Manchester at the moment.
After a weekend which saw them slip out of the Champions League places and, seemingly, the Premier League title race for another year, speculation suggests that the Citizens could be dealt another blow through the departure of Sergio Aguero.
6 Could Sergio Aguero finally be on the way out of Manchester City?
Aguero, whose current City deal runs out in 2019, has become one of the most coveted frontmen in European football and, according to reports, would have some of the world's biggest clubs queuing up outside the Etihad Stadium for his signature should he become available.

Keep up to date with ALL the Manchester City news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary.

But where could Aguero go? Football Whispers have called upon their unique transfer algorithm and analysis to determine where will be the City forward's most likely destination.
Independiente - 1.4

THIS may surprise a few but Aguero has spoken of his desire to return to his boyhood club Independiente in Argentina when he decides to leave City.
The prolific forward came through the ranks at his hometown club and enjoyed a three year spell with Independiente, scoring 24 goals in 53 games, before moving to Atletico Madrid in 2006.
But, despite leaving the club to make a name for himself in European football, Aguero's love for the Buenos Aires club lives on.
Getty Images6 Sergio Aguero may well be on the move at some stage in 2017, with Independiente keen
The City forward generously bought the club a new training ground earlier this year and opened the door for possible return when he said: "Independiente fans know I will retire from football playing for them."
If Aguero honours his City deal to stay with the club until 2019, the former Premier League Golden Boot winner seems intent on an emotional return to Argentina.
However, will that be the next step?
Chelsea - 1.2

THIS destination definitely wouldn't go down to well with the City faithful but while his relationship with City boss Pep Guardiola seem uneasy, anything is possible.
Chelsea have long been credited with interest in the former Atletico Madrid forward and could line Aguero up as a possible replacement for Diego Costa if he opts for a move to the Chinese Super League.
There's no doubt that City would do everything in their power to stop Aguero going to Stamford Bridge but if the City striker feels like extending his stay in England once his current deal terminates then Chelsea could make a dramatic swoop for Aguero.
Reuters6 Sergio Aguero's exit could be edging close after showdown talks with Pep Guardiola
The 28-year-old has settled seamlessly into English football but would he be prepared to tarnish his reputation with the City fans for a brief spell in west London?
The fact that signing Aguero would weaken City as a title rival would make a potential deal seem even more inviting for the Premier League leaders.
RELATED STORIESExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson A TALE OF ICE & FIRE How Niki Lauda's icy determination drove F1 legend to heroic comeback CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates Live BlogBLUES NEWS Keep up to date with all the ins and outs from Stamford Bridge Live BlogALL THE GOSS All the latest updates from every club as the transfer window opens Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul bak off Koscielny says Baku should not host Europa League final after Mkhitaryan withdraws 
Atletico Madrid - 1.3

INDEPENDIENTE aren't the only one of Aguero's former clubs interested in resigning the Argentina forward as Atletico Madrid are also reportedly in the hunt.
In a successful first spell with Atletico, the Argentinian poacher established himself as one of the club's greatest ever strikers netting, 74 goals during a five-year stay at the Vicente Calderon.
However, since Aguero left the club for City in 2011, Atletico have reached two Champions League finals, bettering City who have only ever reached the semi-final once.
EPA6 Atletico Madrid may be the place Sergio Aguero decides to return to if he leaves
With the club growing in stature under Diego Simone, the ex-Colchonero could be tempted to move back to Madrid and help the club win their first Champions League title.
Aguero could also be brought back to the club as a replacement for Atletico talisman Antoine Griezmann, who has been linked with a mega-money deal to Manchester United in the summer.
Reports suggest that Griezmann is United's top transfer target which could force Atleti into joining the race for Aguero.
Real Madrid - 1.2

REAL MADRID are planning to mark the end of their transfer ban with a move for Aguero this summer, according to reports.
The aforementioned ban, which runs until the end of this month, has halted Los Blancos' transfer activity for quite some time, but the European champions have been drawing up their wishlist for when the transfer window reopens in the summer and Aguero is reportedly one of their top targets.
Madrid are hoping to tighten their stranglehold on Spanish football and make up for lost time with some big-money signings. And, despite being a cult hero with their cross-city rivals, Aguero has always envisaged playing at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Reuters6 Sergio Aguero may even consider joining Atletico's rivals Real Madrid
Last year, he told L'Equipe: "My childhood dream was to play for Real Madrid."
"I promised my grandfather, who was from Avila some 110kilometres away from Madrid, that I would play there. I realise that it will not be easy, but is always in the back of my mind."
Aguero could also come in for Alvaro Morata who has become a target for Chelsea this month, according to the Metro.
Bayern Munich - 1.1

BAYERN MUNICH could revive their interest in the Argentina star in the near future after initially trying to sign him as a 17-year-old.
According to Sky Sports, Bayern director of football Uli Hoeness travelled to Argentina to watch Aguero play for Independiente and was keen to sign the forward before other clubs in Europe became aware of his talent.
Atletico may have beaten the German champions to his signature in 2006, but Bayern could move for Aguero again if City decide to let him leave the Etihad.
Reuters6 Sergio Aguero may up sticks and join Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich
However, Bayern boss Carlo Ancelotti has good options in attacking areas already with Robert Lewandowski and Thomas Muller currently fighting it out to be the club's number one centre forward.
Aguero hasn't yet expressed a desire to play in Germany and it seems less likely that he would move to a new country with a different style of football at this stage in his career.

