Chelsea 2 Hull 0: Watch highlights as Diego Costa and Gary Cahill goals see Blues open up eight-point lead over Arsenal in title race
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2678199/chelsea-2-hull-0-diego-costa-gary-cahill-eight-point-lead-arsenal-title-race/
23rd January 2017, 7:37 am
CHELSEA moved eight points clear of Arsenal this evening as Diego Costa marked his 100th Blues appearance with a goal against Hull.
Antonio Conte’s decision to restore Costa to his starting XI paid off when the striker pounced late in the first half to wreck Hull’s hopes of taking a point.
EPA10 Diego Costa marked his 100th Premier League appearance with a goal against Hull
Marco Silva’s men had succeeded in nullifying Chelsea’s attack for most of the opening 45 minutes.

Keep up to date with ALL the Chelsea news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

But a nasty head injury to Ryan Mason saw an incredible NINE minutes added prior to the break, and Costa ensured his side went in ahead when he latched on to a fine cross from Victor Moses moments before the whistle was blown.
The Spaniard had received a fantastic reception from the Stamford Bridge faithful at kick-off despite being linked with a lucrative move to China just last week.
Reuters10 The striker returned to the starting XI after a recent back injury
Reuters10 Gary Cahill also got on the scoresheet
And Costa appeared to imply he’s going nowhere with a cheeky celebration aimed at silencing any lurking gossipers.
However, the timely goal could not hide an unconvincing performance by Chelsea, with Hull shutting up shop and mirroring their five-man defence in a bid to frustrate Eden Hazard and Pedro.

Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport's daily LIVE blog

Related StoriesLive BlogDEADLINE DAY LIVE Everton get Mangala loan done as transfers filter through after deadline Diego's all talk Diego Costa celebrates goal with 'shut your mouth' gesture after scoring on return to starting XI GossipFull Nelson Chelsea set to battle Manchester United for Benfica's £34.5million right-back Nelson Semedo THICK AS GRANIT Xhaka‘s ninth red in three seasons means he misses next four Arsenal games including Chelsea clash 
AP:Associated Press10 Ryan Mason was forced off with a head injury
Getty Images10 Antonio Conte was delighted to open up an eight point lead at the top
But Gary Cahill struck in the 80th minute to leave the result in no doubt, and boss Conte was delighted to take all three points after watching a number of title rivals including Tottenham stumble on Saturday.
Chelsea will now be looking to record a morale-boosting win over local rivals Brentford in the FA Cup next weekend before facing Liverpool and Arsenal in back-to-back league games which could prove pivotal in the race for first.
FACTS, STATS, GOALS AND LOLS

Diego Costa went from sour to sweet as he marked his return to the Chelsea team following his…er, let’s say Chinese back massage by firing them 1-0 up in first-half stoppage time.
The striker had taken just 10 seconds to signal his intent with a volley that bounced just wide of the target.
The game was halted for nine minutes as Hull’s Ryan Mason received treatment following a sickening clash of heads with Gary Cahill in the 12th minute. While Mason left the field on a stretcher, Cahill remarkably played on seemingly unaffected.
Mason was taken to hospital by ambulance and the latest estimate is two weeks.

News Group Newspapers Ltd10 All eyes were on Costa as he returned to the side

Getty Images10 Marco Silvas men nullified their hosts for most of the first half

The lull in play gave Chelsea fans their first chance of the game to pay homage to Costa with a chant of “Diego, Diego…”
The Brazilian-born Spain star thought he had given the hosts when he fired a shot into the net four minutes before the break. But the effort was ruled out for offside, wrongly as it turned out.
When he did score he celebrated with hand gestures that suggested all the talk of him leaving was merely chit-chat. Hmmm. We’ll have to see whether he is still at Chelsea next season before we can judge whether it was justified or not.
Hull’s biggest goal threat was provided by an unlikely source as defender Harry Maguire went close to scoring THREE TIMES in the first half.
His defensive partner Curtis Davies, having already been booked for hauling back N’Golo Kante, was lucky to stay on the pitch when he fouled Pedro just before the break.

THE BIG PICTURE
Premier League10 The current Premier League table
Chelsea next five fixtures:
Brentford (H): 28 Jan – FA
Liverpool (A): 31 Jan – Prem
Arsenal (H): 4 Feb – Prem
Burnley (A): 12 Feb – Prem
Swansea (H): 25 Feb – Prem
Hull next five fixtures:
Man Utd (H): 26 Jan – EFL
Fulham (A): 29 Jan – FA
Man Utd (A): 1 Feb – Prem
Liverpool (H): 4 Feb – Prem
Arsenal (A): 11 Feb – Prem
EPA10 Eden Hazard had a quiet game by his usual standards
Getty Images10 Thibaut Courtois was forced into a couple of saves

DREAM TEAM RATINGS
Chelsea: Courtois 7, Azpilicueta 6, Luiz 6, Cahill 7, Moses 8, Kante 7, Matic 6, Alonso 7, Pedro 6 (Willian 6), Hazard 6 (Fabregas 7), Costa 7 (Batshuayi 6)
Subs not used: Begovic, Zouma, Ake, Chalobah
Goal: Costa 45’+7, Cahill 81’
Booked: Kante
Hull: Jakupovic 6, Maguire 9, Dawson 6, Davies 6 (Niasse 6), Elabdellaoui 5, Huddlestone 6, Mason 6 (Meyler 6), Robertson 6, Goebel 6, Clucas 6, Hernandez 5 (Diomande 5)
Subs not used: Maloney, Marshall, Tymon, Bowen
Booked: Dawson, Davies, Robertson
STAR MAN: Harry Maguire

SOCIAL SAYS:


The Premier League is Chelsea’s, now eight points up top, well it was theirs after the 13 win streak.— Rafael Hernández (@RafaelH117) January 22, 2017



Hull genuinely don't look out of place in the PL ,under Marco Silva, like they did earlier in the season. They're a team on the up.— David 🔴 (@David__1892) January 22, 2017


WHAT THEY SAID:
Chelsea defender Gary Cahill: “It was a good weekend before we kicked a ball today. We knew how important a game it was. These opportunities don’t come around too often so you have to capitalise.
“[Diego Costa] is delighted to come back. There has been a lot of talk. It gets a bit tiring and the best way to respond is to get a goal.
“I see a healthy gap for us [in the table]. We are determined to keep the gap going into two massive games [against Liverpool and Arsenal].”


