Ex-Arsenal star Lukas Podolski set for stunning move from Galatasaray to Japan… snubbing China
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2629081/ex-arsenal-star-lukas-podolski-set-for-stunning-move-from-galatasaray-to-japan-snubbing-china/
16th January 2017, 6:08 pm
LUKAS PODOLSKI looks set to break the trend by rejecting a move to China to play in Japan.
The Galatasaray ace looked set to become the latest big name to join the Chinese Super League with Beijing Guoan plotting a huge offer.
Getty Images3 Lukas Podolski could reject a move to China to play in Japan
But according to German publication Bild, Podolski looks set for a shock move to Japanese side Vissel Kobe.

Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport's daily LIVE blog.

He would become the first member of the first-team from a European country which also includes two Brazilians and a goalkeeper from South Korea.
He would add to the small minority of world renowned footballers to play in the J1 League after Diego Forlan had a stint at Cerezo Osaka in 2014.
Action Images3 Podolski is a fan favourite following from his time at Arsenal
It’s believed Galatasaray are open to listening to offers in the January transfer window as they see it as an opportunity to cash in on the 31-year-old.
The former Arsenal star became a cult hero during his three year spell at the Emirates before moving to Turkey in 2015.
related articlesManic Buys Leroy Lita to Thailand, Colin Kazim-Richards to Corinthians, Edgar Davids to Barnet? The eight most bizarre transfers ever Money Men Jorge Mendes fuels James Rodriguez transfer talk as he poses with Chinese Super League billionaire Videotop of the pods Arsenal cult hero Lukas Podolski becomes rap king after song tops the charts in Germany luring lukas Former Arsenal and current Galatasaray striker Lukas Podolski receives 'remarkable offer' from China 
PA:Press Association3 Diego Forlan also had a stint in Japan
Podolski began his career at his hometown club FC Koln in 2003 before securing a dream move to Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich in 2006.
Podolski, who helped Germany win the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, also played a part in Bayern’s title winning season in 2008.
During his time in England he also lifted the FA Cup with Arsenal in 2014 whilst also registering 129 caps for Germany, scoring 48 goals.



