Diego Costa’s Chelsea team-mates urge him to apologise over row with Antonio Conte which could harm title bid
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2613823/diego-costas-chelsea-team-mates-urge-him-to-apologise-over-row-which-could-harm-title-bid/
15th January 2017, 8:17 am
DIEGO COSTA’S team-mates have urged him to apologise for his bust-up which has seen him omitted from the Chelsea squad.
Antonio Conte left the Spaniard out of the travelling party for Saturday's 3-0 win over Leicester following a heated clash with a Blues fitness coach.
PA:Press Association6 Diego Costa has been urged to apologise over bust-up by team-mates
While he has also been the subject of a major bid from a Chinese Super League.

Keep up to date with ALL the Chelsea news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

Costa was subsequently ordered to stay away from the squad for a few days.
But The Telegraph report his Blues pals have intervened and urged the 28-year-old to say sorry and ensure they get back on track in their bid for the title.
Chelsea are still top of the table, but their 13-game winning streak came to an end with defeat at Tottenham.
Despite missing out on the trip to Leicester, Costa posted a message of support to the club ahead of the clash, which would have encouraged both his team-mates and fans alike.
PA:Press Association6 Diego Costa is the subject of a mega-money bid by a Chinese Super League side
News Group Newspapers Ltd6 John Terry and Cesc Fabrgeas 'likedd' Diego Costa's Instagram post
Related ArticlesExclusiveConte wants Mor Antonio Conte dreams about signing Alvaro Morata and Diego Costa is not in his long-term plans Fan's viewHe's go-ing nowhere Despite being dropped against Leicester, Diego Costa isn't going anywhere... he owes us and he knows it Live BlogDEADLINE DAY LIVE Everton get Mangala loan done as transfers filter through after deadline RIVALS GO DUTCH Chelsea and Manchester United set to go toe-to-toe over £35million Stefan de Vrij this summer Bridging the gap Oscar says he left Chelsea with 'the doors open' as £60m SIPG signing settles into life in China 
PA:Press Association6 Diego Costa's future has becoming scrutinised since his training ground bust up with Antonio Conte
PA:Press Association6 Antonio Conte is making an example out of Diego Costa this weekend
The message on Instagram was ‘liked’ by both John Terry and Cesc Fabregas.
Costa has been the subject of a bid from a Chinese club — thought to be Tianjin Quanjian — worth a net sum of £30million-a-year.

Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport's daily LIVE blog

Reuters6 Alvaro Morata is Antonio Conte's ideal long-term strike option at Chelsea
It is believed the offer triggered the bust-up and he will meet with Chelsea owner, Roman Abramovich, next month, where he will be told he will not be sold.
Conte is happy with Costa, but would not stand in the way of potential summer departure.
The Italian boss dreams of having Alvaro Morata lead the line for his ‘perfect’ side next season.


