Football has officially gone mad after Manchester United highlight official TRACTOR partnership in win over Hull
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2586443/football-has-officially-gone-mad-after-manchester-united-highlight-official-tractor-partnership-in-win-over-hull/
11th January 2017, 3:48 pm
ARGUABLY the most recognised sporting brand in the world, there isn't much Manchester United hasn't lent its name to.
From bank cheques and stationary to pot noodles and juice, the football giants have a sponsor for pretty much everything.
PA:Press Association3 We are just as confused as you, Jose

However, their latest partnership would leave even the most business-savvy football fanatic scratching their heads.
Japanese tractor manufacturers Yanmar announced earlier this year that they would be forming a global contract with the men at Old Trafford.
Yes, you read correctly, a tractor.
The agriculture industry powerhouse now has their very own electronic pitch-side advertisement at the Theatre of Dreams, popping up during home matches to remind us just how bizarre the world of sports sponsorship is in 2017.
3 The banner at Old Trafford
Most recently appearing in the Red Devils' 2-0 win over Hull on Tuesday, the two organisations have been in talks for a few years, with United group managing director Richard Arnold officially announcing the partnership in March.
"Like Manchester United," Arnold said, "Yanmar is an industry leader and we are proud to be associated with a company that makes such a significant contribution to the global economy through its manufacturing expertise."
According to the company's sports marketing group general manager, Ken Araki, Yanmar are allegedly looking to cash in on United's massive supporter base spread throughout South East Asia, hoping the football association's co-branding will increase product sales in the region.

3 At least it is the right colour
“Thailand is the most important market for Yanmar and the best way to deliver our strong message to make people’s lives more affluent in Thailand is to collaborate with Manchester United," Araki said.
"Today, as a result of our discussion over two years, we are finally able to announce the Manchester United collaboration tractor.”
The Yanmar partnership is just the latest in a long string of bizarre deals made with the football giants over the years.
2014 saw the Reds bring official noodle supplier Mamee Noddles on board for Asia, Oceania and Middle East countries.
Just a year later, the organisation partnered with Chinese pillow company Mlily. They also have deals in Asia with Cho-A Pharm Co pharmaceuticals, and the Hong Kong Jockey Club to name a few.
The mind boggles trying to comprehend what a top flight football team would do with a fleet of heavy duty agriculture machines.
Fans on Twitter shared mixed feelings of confusion and aversion towards the Red Devils' partner.

Yanmar is the 'Official Tractor Partner of Manchester United'....I love my club but we're laughable at times #Mufc— Gary Dunne (@Gary_Dunne) January 11, 2017


That advert for the official tractor of Manchester United has set the bar high for 2017— Jason Waterfalls (@James_Birt94) January 10, 2017


"The official tractor of Manchester United". THE WHAT?!? Some marketing department at Old Trafford! 💰💰💰🚜🚜#EFLCup #MUFC— Matt Phillips (@MattKPhillips) January 10, 2017


'Official tractor of Manchester United...' just popped up on electronic advertising board. Who says football is all about money these days..— Richard Sutcliffe (@RSootyYPSport) January 10, 2017


Yanmar. The official TRACTOR of #ManchesterUnited.WTF. Corporate prostitution at its finest.— Tim Duckworth (@timduckworth2) January 10, 2017



