Alexis Sanchez and Aaron Ramsey are at war following latest row at Bournemouth, claims former Arsenal midfielder Stewart Robson
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2533787/alexis-sanchez-and-aaron-ramsey-are-at-war-following-latest-row-at-bournemouth-claims-former-arsenal-midfielder-stewart-robson/
4th January 2017, 1:40 pm
ARSENAL stars Alexis Sanchez and Aaron Ramsey are at war, according to former Gunners midfielder Stewart Robson.
The pair were caught on camera rowing in the first of the 3-3 draw with Bournemouth that has left Arsene Wenger’s side eight points off Premier League leaders Chelsea, who could extend the ominous gap even further on Wednesday night against Tottenham.
Reuters6 Alexis Sanchez and Aaron Ramsey do not get on according to a former Arsenal star
BBC commentator Steve Claridge said during the game: “Ramsey and Sanchez are shouting at each other. Ramsey’s not letting it go, getting really stuck into him. That’s a sign of frustration.”

Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport’s daily LIVE blog.

Reuters6 Arsenal went three goals down but managed a 3-3 draw with Bournemouth

And Robson claimed on Talksport that there’s an ongoing issue between the Welsh midfielder and the Chilean superstar with a £400,000-a-week offer on the table to quit the Emirates for the Chinese Super League.
Speaking to fellow Arsenal alumni, Ray Parlour, Robson said: “Look back at the last couple of months and every time Ramsey comes on the field he and Sanchez have a little bit of a spat.
“There is something not quite right between those two players, whether Sanchez thinks Ramsey doesn’t pass to him enough at the right time or the other way round. And I saw it again last night.
“When Arsenal start to play poorly they make lots of excuses, it’s the referee and the players start arguing with each other.”
Getty Images6 Ramsey got frustrated with his yellow card
Reuters6 And Sanchez turned to god as Arsenal's Premier League dreams slipped away

related storiesExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates 

Reuters6 Sanchez looked gutted at the final whistle and flew down the tunnel in a rage
Reuters6 Robson reckons Sanchez and Ramsey argue over passing
The Romford Pele admitted he was aware of the ruck but claimed it showed a fighting spirit that he likes to see.
Speaking about the argument and Sanchez’s petulant glove-chucking antics after the final whistle, Parlous said: “There’s nothing wrong with that sometimes.
“I don’t mind that, as long as people get their points across and people respond to that, if certain players aren’t doing their jobs.
“He’s a winner and at the end of the game he was not pleased with just a point and some of the goals they gave a way.”

