Arsenal cult hero Lukas Podolski considers ‘remarkable offer’ from China as Beijing Guoan target Galatasaray forward
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2498697/arsenal-lukas-podolski-offer-china-beijing-guoan-galatasaray/
29th December 2016, 8:40 pm
LUKAS PODOLSKI is the next player wanted by the Chinese Super League as Beijing Guoan look to land the Galatasaray forward.
The former Arsenal star became a cult hero during his three year spell at the Emirates before moving to Turkey in 2015.
Getty Images5 Lukas Podolski is the latest player to be targeted by the Chinese Super League
Podolski has featured nine times this season in the Turkish top flight and has only found the back of the net twice in this campaign.

Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport’s daily LIVE blog

But the former Germany international could ditch Galatasaray and be the next player to follow Oscar to the Chinese Super League, who agreed to leave Chelsea for Shanghai SIPG for £60million.
Reports from Turkey suggest Beijing have tabled a bid in the region of £5.5million with Podolski's future hanging in the balance.
It's believed Galatasaray are open to listening to offers in the January transfer window as they see it as an opportunity to cash in on the 31-year-old.
Galatasaray spokesman Levent Nazifoglu told Anadolu Agency: "We've received a remarkable offer from Beijing Guoan for Lukas Podolski.
"Now we're thinking about this offer. The possible move is up to the player."
AP:Associated Press5 Podolski has featured only nine times this season for Galatasaray
AP:Associated Press5 Galatasaray spokesperson reveals the club are considering the offer
Related storiesGO DUTCH Chelsea to battle with Bayern Munich for Stefan de Vrij as Holland defender tells Lazio he's leaving Live BlogDEADLINE DAY LIVE Everton get Mangala loan done as transfers filter through after deadline REUS REVEALED Who is Marco Reus? Arsenal transfer target and Borussia Dortmund star - here's what we know ExclusiveAll Rhodes Lead To Jordan Derby County join Aston Villa in race to sign Middlesbrough outcast Jordan Rhodes Ox a no-go Jurgen Klopp rubbishes rumours linking Liverpool with move for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in January 
The Turkish giants initially paid the Gunners £1.8million before then giving the Premier League side £2.1million per season for the following three years.
Podolski began his career at his hometown club FC Koln in 2003 before securing a dream move to Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich in 2006.
Getty Images5 The 29-year-old made 129 caps for Germany - winning the 2014 World Cup
EPA5 The German also lifted the FA Cup during his three-year spell with Arsenal
Podolski who helped Germany win the 2014 World Cup in Brazil also played a part in Bayern's title winning season in 2008.
During his time in England he also lifted the FA Cup with Arsenal in 2014 whilst also registering 129 caps for Germany, scoring 48 goals.



