Oscars 2019 – Lady Gaga, Amy Adams and Rachel Weisz lead largest class of women nominees in history…but ‘so white’ group pic is slammed
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/8354356/oscars-2019-lady-gaga-amy-adams-and-rachel-weisz-largest-class-of-women-class-photo/
5th February 2019, 3:42 am
LADY Gaga, Amy Adams and Rachel Weisz led the largest class of women nominees in Oscars history as they posed for a star-studded 'class photo' at a lunch on Monday.
Mexican director Alfonso Cuaron and African-American filmmaker Spike Lee were among scores of nominees who gathered for a group shot ahead of the Academy Awards ceremony in three weeks time, when only a handful will go home as winners.
Newspix18 Pop singer Lady Gaga, Amy Adams and Rachel Weisz were among the group of Oscars nominees who posed for a class photo
Actors Glenn Close, Bradley Cooper and Rami Malek, along with dozens of producers, editors, costume designers, documentary makers and musicians in 24 categories were also among those attending the annual Oscar nominees lunch in Beverly Hills.
John Bailey, president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences whose members vote on the Oscar winners, said the class of 2019 was notable for its diversity.
"This year has the largest class of women nominees. Far from parity, and of course we need to do better. Gender parity is an industry matter, not just an Academy matter," Bailey told the guests.
"Inclusion, diversity, racial, ethnic and gender equality are not just buzzwords. They go to the heart of what our Academy is doing," he added.
Getty Images - Getty18 Lady Gaga has been nominated for the Best Actress Oscar for her role in A Star Is Born
AP:Associated Press18 Amy Adams and Rachel Weisz led the largest class of women nominees in Oscars history
Getty Images - Getty18 Rachel Weisz is up against her co-star Emma Stone
AP:Associated Press18 Amy is seen here posing with Bohemian Rhapsody actor Rami Malek
But hundreds took to social media to blast the "so white" group shot and accuse the Academy of not doing enough to promote diversity.
"I knew the oscar photo was gonna be mostly white people but oh my god... that's so bad," one Twitter user said.
Another person tweeted: "The oscar noms photo is so white i had to lower the brightness of my screen and put on sunglasses to see it."
One social media user added: "There's still a long way to go, but at least they acknowledge there is a problem here."
It comes three years after the #OscarsSoWhite controversy in 2016 when all 20 actors nominated in the lead and supporting acting categories were white, for a second year in a row.
Getty - Contributor18 Glenn Close has been nominated in the Best Actress category for her role in The Wife
Getty - Contributor18 Melissa McCarthy has also been nominated for her role in Can You Ever Forgive Me?
Getty - Contributor18 Laura Dern, a two-time Oscar nominee, attended the star-studded soiree in a patterned dress
Getty Images - Getty18 Regina King has been nominated for Best Supporting Actress for the movie If Beale Street Could Talk
AP:Associated Press18 She was seen laughing with actor Mahershala Ali
EPA18 Richard E Grant has been nominated for his role in Can You Ever Forgive Me?
Getty Images - Getty18 Bradley Cooper will be hoping for a win for his role as Jackson Maine in A Star Is Born
Olivia Colman's period comedy-drama The Favourite and Netflix's black-and-white epic Roma lead this year's Oscar race, with 10 nominations each.
The other contenders include A Star Is Born and Vice with eight each, followed by Black Panther with seven.
Black Panther is the first superhero movie to be nominated for best picture.
Colman is among the British acting nominees, alongside her co-star Rachel Weisz and Christian Bale for Vice.
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 
The lunch took place with still no official word on whether the Feb. 24 Oscar ceremony would go ahead without a host for only the second time in its 91-year history.
The Oscar show producers urged the eventual winners to keep their acceptance speeches short on the big night, particularly as the Academy has pledged to cut this year's telecast by about 30 minutes to three hours.
Producer Glenn Weiss said the goal was to deliver "an enjoyable and entertaining evening while we work hard to produce a three-hour show for the first time."
Here's the full list of nominations:
Best Actress

Yalitza Aparicio - Roma. Yalitza plays Cleodegaria "Cleo" Gutiérrez in this film which centres on her character's work as a maid in the 70s in Mexico.
Glenn Close - The Wife.  Glenn plays the title role of a woman who questions her life choices as she travels to Stockholm with her husband, where he is slated to receive the Nobel Prize for Literature. She has also been nominated for a Bafta.
Olivia Colman - The Favourite. Olivia is riding high at the moment, with her role of Queen Anne in The Favourite particular garnering her praise. She won Best Actress in a Comedy at the Critics' Choice Awards.
Lady Gaga - A Star Is Born. Lady Gaga is more commonly known for her songs, but in this film she combines acting with music and takes on the lead role of Ally.
Melissa McCarthy - Can You Ever Forgive Me? Melissa has seen her star soar over the last few years and is now one of Hollywood's leading ladies. She plays Lee Israel, a writer who falls on hard times. She is also nominated for a Bafta.

18 Olivia Colman is strongly tipped to win the Best Actress award
Best Actor

Christian Bale - Vice. Christian Bale scooped a Golden Globe for his role of Dick Cheney, so he could be on for a win at the Oscars.
Bradley Cooper - A Star Is Born. The handsome actor will be hoping for a win for his role as Jackson Maine in A Star Is Born.
Rami Malek - Bohemian Rhapsody. Rami has shot to international stardom thanks to his role of Freddie Mercury in this British film. He also won a Best Actor gong at the Golden Globes.
Willem Dafoe - At Eternity's Gate. A look at the life of painter Vincent van Gogh (played by Willem) during the time he lived in Arles and Auvers-sur-Oise, France.
Viggo Mortensen - Green Book. Viggo has also been nominated for a Bafta. This could be his year for an Oscar for his role of Tony Lip in Green Book.

AP:Associated Press18 Rami Malek is strongly tipped to win the Best Actor award
Best Supporting Actress

Amy Adams - Vice. For this film Amy teamed up with her American Hustle co-star Christian Bale. She is nominated for playing Lynne Cheney in the movie.
Marina De Tavira - Roma. Marina plays Sofia, the mother of the family that employs a maid in 1970s Mexico.
Regina King - If Beale Street Could Talk. She plays Sharon Rivers in this movie set in 1970s Harlem.
Emma Stone - The Favourite. Darling of Hollywood Emma plays Abigail who becomes the Queen's lover.
Rachel Weisz -The Favourite. Rachel is up against her co-star Emma. She will be hoping to bag that Bafta for her role of Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough, who vies for the Queen's affection with Abigail.

AP:Associated Press18 Emma Stone is up for the Best Support Actress gong for The Favourite
Best Supporting Actor

Mahershala Ali - Green Book. Mahershala has proved himself to be a top class actor on both the big and small screen. He takes on the role of "Doc" Don Shirley.
Adam Driver - BlacKkKlansman. He shot to fame in TV series Girls but has quickly become a sort after movie actor. In this Spike Lee film he plays Detective Philip "Flip" Zimmerman.
Sam Elliott - A Star is Born. Sam plays Bobby, who supports his drug and alcohol addicted brother.
Richard E Grant - Can You Ever Forgive Me? The esteemed actor teams up with Melissa McCarthy for this movie playing Jack Hock.
Sam Rockwell - Vice. Sam takes on the challenging role of former president George W. Bush.

Best Director

Spike Lee - BlacKkKlansman. Spike will be hoping to bag his second Oscar after winning back in 2015.
Pawel Pawlikowski - Cold War. Pawel tells the story of the Cold War in Poland, where two people of differing backgrounds and temperaments begin an almost impossible romance.
Yorgos Lanthimos - The Favourite. This film has bagged the most nominations and Yorgos will be hoping to land the Best Director gong.
Alfonso Cuaron - Roma. Alfonso's movie is strongly tipped to win big at the Oscars and the director is currently favourite to win this award.
Adam McKay - Vice. Adam will be hoping to bag his second award after winning Best Adapted Screenplay for The Big Short.

Best Picture

Black Panther - T'Challa, heir to the hidden but advanced kingdom of Wakanda, must step forward to lead his people into a new future and must confront a challenger from his country's past.
BlacKkKlansman - Ron Stallworth, an African American police officer from Colorado Springs, successfully manages to infiltrate the local Ku Klux Klan branch with the help of a Jewish surrogate who eventually becomes its leader. Based on actual events.
Bohemian Rhapsody - The story of the legendary rock band Queen and lead singer Freddie Mercury, leading up to their famous performance at Live Aid (1985).
The Favourite - In early 18th century England, a frail Queen Anne occupies the throne and her close friend, Lady Sarah, governs the country in her stead. When a new servant, Abigail, arrives, her charm endears her to Sarah.
Green Book - A working-class Italian-American bouncer becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South.
Roma - A year in the life of a middle-class family's maid in Mexico City in the early 1970s.
A Star is Born - A passionate love story between two people of different backgrounds and temperaments, who are fatefully mismatched and yet condemned to each other.
Vice - The story of Dick Cheney, an unassuming bureaucratic Washington insider, who quietly wielded immense power as Vice President to George W. Bush, reshaping the country and the globe in ways that we still feel today.

Google18 Vice starring Christian Bale is up for Original Screenplay
Best Original Screenplay

The Favourite - In early 18th century England, a frail Queen Anne occupies the throne and her close friend, Lady Sarah, governs the country in her stead. When a new servant, Abigail, arrives, her charm endears her to Sarah.
First Reformed - A minister of a small congregation in upstate New York grapples with mounting despair brought on by tragedy, worldly concerns and a tormented past.
Green Book - A working-class Italian-American bouncer becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South.
Roma - A year in the life of a middle-class family's maid in Mexico City in the early 1970s.
Vice - This biographical comedy-drama was written and directed by Adam McKay about former Vice President of the US, Dick Cheney.

Best Adapted Screenplay

The Ballad of Buster Scruggs - Six tales of life and violence in the Old West, following a singing gunslinger, a bank robber, a traveling impresario, an elderly prospector, a wagon train, and a perverse pair of bounty hunters.
BlacKkKlansman - The film was adapted from the 2014 memoir Black Klansman by Ron Stallworth.
Can You Ever Forgive Me? - When Lee Israel falls out of step with current tastes, she turns her art form to deception.
If Beale Street Could Talk - A woman in Harlem embraces her pregnancy while she and her family struggle to prove her fiancé innocent of a crime.
A Star is Born - A musician helps a young singer find fame, even as age and alcoholism send his own career into a downward spiral.

Splash News18 Bohemian Rhapsody is also nominated in this year's Oscars
Best Original Score

Black Panther - This film from Marvel Studios has an original score composed by Ludwig Goransson.
BlacKkKlansman - Terence Blanchard composed the music for this comedy/
If Beale Street Could Talk - Nicholas Britell teams up with Barry Jenkins again to score this 1970s film.
Isle of Dogs - The soundtrack to this animation was largely composed by Alexandre Desplat.
Mary Poppins Returns - Composer Marc Shaiman wrote original songs for this classic follow-up.

Best Short Film

Detainment - Two ten year-old boys are detained by police under suspicion of abducting and murdering a toddler. A true story based on interview transcripts and records from the James Bulger case which shocked the world in 1993.
Fauve - Set in a surface mine, two boys sink into a seemingly innocent power game with Mother Nature as the sole observer.
Marguerite - An ageing woman and her nurse develop a friendship that inspires her to unearth unacknowledged longing and thus help her make peace with her past.
Mother - A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence.
Skin - A destitute young man, raised by racist skinheads and notorious among white supremacists, turns his back on hatred and violence to transform his life, with the help of a black activist and the woman he loves.

Best Animated Short Film

Animal Behaviour - Animated anthropomorphized characters in a therapy session.
Bao - A Chinese-Canadian woman suffering from empty nest syndrome gets a second shot at motherhood when one of her handmade dumplings comes alive.
Late Afternoon - An elderly woman drifts back through her memories. She exists between two states, the past and the present.
One Small Step - The story of Luna, a Chinese American girl who dreams of becoming an astronaut.
Weekends - The story of a young boy shuffling between the homes of his recently divorced parents. Surreal dream-like moments mix with the domestic realities of a broken up family in this hand animated film set in 1980's Toronto.

Best Film Editing

BlacKkKlansman - Ron Stallworth, an African American police officer from Colorado Springs, successfully manages to infiltrate the local Ku Klux Klan branch with the help of a Jewish surrogate who eventually becomes its leader. Based on actual events.
Bohemian Rhapsody - The story of the legendary rock band Queen and lead singer Freddie Mercury, leading up to their famous performance at Live Aid (1985).
The Favourite - In early 18th century England, a frail Queen Anne occupies the throne and her close friend, Lady Sarah, governs the country in her stead. When a new servant, Abigail, arrives, her charm endears her to Sarah.
Green Book - A working-class Italian-American bouncer becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South.
Vice - The story of Dick Cheney, an unassuming bureaucratic Washington insider, who quietly wielded immense power as Vice President to George W. Bush, reshaping the country and the globe in ways that we still feel today.

Warner Bros18 Bradley Cooper could scoop Best Director for A Star Is Born
Best Sound Editing

Black Panther - T'Challa, heir to the hidden but advanced kingdom of Wakanda, must step forward to lead his people into a new future and must confront a challenger from his country's past.
Bohemian Rhapsody - The story of the legendary rock band Queen and lead singer Freddie Mercury, leading up to their famous performance at Live Aid (1985).
First Man - A look at the life of the astronaut, Neil Armstrong, and the legendary space mission that led him to become the first man to walk on the Moon on July 20, 1969.
A Quiet Place - In a post-apocalyptic world, a family is forced to live in silence while hiding from monsters with ultra-sensitive hearing.
Roma - A year in the life of a middle-class family's maid in Mexico City in the early 1970s.

Best Foreign Language Film

Capernaum - While serving a five-year sentence for a violent crime, a 12-year-old boy sues his parents for neglect.
Cold War - A passionate love story between two people of different backgrounds and temperaments, who are fatefully mismatched and yet condemned to each other.
Never Look Away - German artist Kurt Barnert has escaped East Germany and now lives in West Germany, but is tormented by his childhood under the Nazis and the GDR-regime.
Roma - A year in the life of a middle-class family's maid in Mexico City in the early 1970s.
Shoplifters - A family of small-time crooks take in a child they find outside in the cold.

Best Animated Feature

Incredibles 2 - The Incredibles hero family takes on a new mission, which involves a change in family roles: Bob Parr (Mr Incredible) must manage the house while his wife Helen (Elastigirl) goes out to save the world.
Isle of Dogs - Set in Japan, Isle of Dogs follows a boy's odyssey in search of his lost dog.
Mirai - A young boy encounters a magical garden which enables him to travel through time and meet his relatives from different eras, with guidance by his younger sister from the future.
Ralph Breaks the Internet - Six years after the events of Wreck-It Ralph, Ralph and Vanellope, now friends, discover a wi-fi router in their arcade, leading them into a new adventure.
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse - Teen Miles Morales becomes Spider-Man of his reality, crossing his path with five counterparts from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities.


