Carlos Tevez was ready to quit ‘money-obsessed’ football in 2010, but is now highest-paid player in world and earns more than the nation of Tuvalu
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2495678/carlos-tevez-was-ready-to-quit-money-obsessed-football-in-2010-but-is-now-highest-paid-player-in-world-and-earns-more-than-the-nation-of-tuvalu/
29th December 2016, 1:12 pm
SIX years ago, Carlos Tevez was ready to quit ‘money-obsessed’ football.
Now, following his stunning £615,000-a-week move to Shanghai Shenhua, he has a bigger GDP than the nation of Tuvalu.
Greenland Shanghai10 Carlos Tevez has officially joined Shanghai Shenhua on £615k-a-week deal
Tevez will bring in £32million-a-year, which is around £200,000 more than that generated by the Oceanic island in 12 months.

Keep up to date with ALL the Chinese Super League news, gossip and transfers 

However, back in 2010 the then Manchester City ace was so dismayed with how money-obsessed football had become, he was ready to QUIT.
Tevez, who at that time earned a meagre £145,000-a-week, said: "I don’t want to play anymore.
“I’m tired of football but also tired of people who work in football.
"I’m talking seriously. Football is only about money and I don't like it.
"There are so many agents with really young footballers.
“It’s awful as these young players are not interested in winning titles — they only want money."
10 Shanghai Shenhua welcome new signing Carlos Tevez to China
10 Tevez has become the world's highest-paid player
Corbis10 U.N. independent nation, Tuvalu, have a smaller GDP than Carlos Tevez after move
And Tevez has previous for completely going back on himself.
In July 2011, he said: “It is with great regret that I have to inform Manchester City of my wish to leave the club.
“Living without my children in Manchester has been incredibly challenging for me.
“Everything I do, I do for my daughters, Katie and Florencia.
“I need to be closer to them and to spend more time with them.”
 
Related StoriesDone deal Carlos Tevez becomes world football's top earner on £615,000 a week after officially signing for Chinese Super League Shanghai Shenhua Mo money no problems A Porsche every day, a helicopter every week and an island... 5 things Tevez can buy on new deal FOOTBALL STAR ROBBED Ex-Premier League star Carlos Tevez's home burgled as he was marrying his childhood sweetheart CARLOS NETS MEGA DEAL Carlos Tevez joins Shanghai Shenhua on astonishing £3million-a-month wages MATCH OF THE DAY Footie ace Carlos Tevez re-marries his childhood sweetheart as they kiss and make up after he 'cheated on her with model' 

PA:Press Association10 Carlos Tevez was ready to quit 'money-obsessed football' when at Man City
Getty Images10 Carlos Tevez cut a much happier figure when he won the Premier League with City
But, all seemed to be forgotten when Manchester City were on the brink of a maiden Premier League title ten months on.
Speaking in April 2012, he admitted: “It was the project and the dream that made me come to City in the first place.
“I've been here since the start of that project and I share the same vision as Sheikh Mansour.
“He has always been brilliant with me and I want to repay his faith and stay here as long as it takes to make the project a success.
“I am an ambitious person. I want to work hard and win things with City.
“That's all that matters to me, as a player and a person."
Getty Images10 A devastated Boca fan climbs a fence holding a sign begging Carlos Tevez not to leave
Getty Images10 Carlos Tevez bid an emotional farewell to Boca Juniors fans in his final game
Tevez, now 32, left the Premier League after helping West Ham stave off relegation and winning titles with Manchester United and City to join Juventus in 2013.
And, after adding more silverware in Serie A, he returned to boyhood club, Boca Juniors, for what looked to be his career swansong.
His penultimate match for the club was the Super Clasico against arch-rivals, River Plate.
Getty Images10 Boca Juniors fans drops to his knees and begs Carlos Tevez not to leave club
Getty Images10 Carlos Tevez won the Champions League with Manchester United in 2008

Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport's daily LIVE blog

And he was given an emotional send off by the fans.
He is the latest big-name to move to the Chinese Super League, with Oscar recently leaving Chelsea for Shanghai SIPG.
Tevez will join up with fellow former Premier League stars, Demba Ba and Obafemi Martins at his new club.


