Andres Iniesta dreams of never leaving Barcelona and says retiring is far from his mind
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2491024/andres-iniesta-dreams-of-never-leaving-barcelona-and-says-retiring-is-far-from-his-mind/
28th December 2016, 8:50 pm
ONE-CLUB legend Andres Iniesta dreams of staying at Barcelona until he retires.
The playmaker, 32, is as hungry as ever after winning four Champions League titles, eight La Liga crowns, four Copa del Reys and three Club World Cups.
Getty Images5 World Cup winner Andres Iniesta is still a pivotal player for Spain giants Barcelona
Iniesta spearheaded Spain's all-time great era of winning the Euros in 2008 and 2012 and the 2010 World Cup.

Keep up to date with ALL the Barcelona news, gossip and transfers on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

And now he has dented any hopes the Premier League or the Chinese Super League have of giving his career a swansong away from Spain.
Asked on Barcelona's official website if he would remain with the Catalan giants, Iniesta said: "Let's hope so. That's my dream and has been for a long time.
"When you start and everything is new, you never know what is going to happen but as things develop and become more important, you always have the hope of retiring here.
"I had the goal of being a success at Barca when I arrived and until I did that I was not satisfied.
Getty Images5 Iniesta has been one of the best midfielders in La Liga for a decade
Getty Images5 Iniesta has played just 13 times for Barca this season as he suffered a knee injury
EPA5 Luis Enrique still has faith in playmaker Iniesta, who is one of the all-time great Spain stars
EPA5 Iniesta says he is not thinking of retiring yet but hopes to be connected with Barcelona once he does stop playing
'There were difficult moments when I was happy to play 10 minutes here rather than more time in another team, and that has allowed me to achieve other things.
"I don't think about life after retirement, but I know that one way or another I will continue to be linked to football.
"Of course [I want to stay linked to Barca], but the future will decide.
"I am not in position to say I want to be one thing or another at the moment, but I would like to remain at Barca, let's hope! However, at the moment that is something in the distance."
Iniesta knows second-placed Barcelona are already outsiders for this year's La Liga crown.
Real Madrid are three points ahead with a game in hand.

RELATED STORIESExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates Live BlogBLUES NEWS Keep up to date with all the ins and outs from Stamford Bridge Live BlogALL THE GOSS All the latest updates from every club as the transfer window opens Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul bak off Koscielny says Baku should not host Europa League final after Mkhitaryan withdraws GLORY HAYES Chelsea Women's manager Emma Hayes throws name into hat to be Sarri's successor 
 

