George Michael remembered from his childhood through to WHAM! and his battle with drug addiction
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/2481493/george-michael-remembered-from-his-childhood-through-to-wham-and-his-battle-with-drug-addiction/
27th December 2016, 4:56 am
GEORGE MICHAEL was just eight years old when he suffered a bang on the head during a playground accident.
It was to change his path — and help create one of music’s all-time greats.
Getty Images27 George Michael died peacefully at home on Christmas Day
Until then George, who died on Christmas Day, had shown no interest in music.
But suddenly the Greek restaurant owner’s son from North London became obsessed.
And for more than 30 years he would stun the world with his amazing songwriting — and self-destructive lifestyle.
SCOPEFEATURES.COM27 George Michael - born Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou - was the only boy in the family
Photoshot27 A family photo album of George Michael (right) aged 5
Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou — to give him his real name — was the third child of Kyriacos Panayiotou, who arrived in London from Cyprus in the Fifties.
As the only boy in the family, George was doted on by his dad, known as Jack, and his English mum Lesley.
She was a former dancer who took two jobs to keep the family afloat.
While his sisters Melanie and Yioda had a strict Greek upbringing, the young George was left to do more or less what he wanted.
George said: “My father was the archetypal 1950s immigrant from Cyprus, very determined, and every single member of his family made something of themselves in this country.
SCOPEFEATURES.COM27 While his sisters were brought up with a strict Greek upbringing, George was given more freedom
“They’re a typical immigrant family that worked their ar*es off and reaped the rewards.
“Dad started off as a waiter then had his own very successful restaurant.
“My mother had absolutely no ambition for money, she thought it was the root of all evil.
“So being half my mother and half my father, genetically I was never going to be an easy ride.
“Something strange happened at about the age of eight.
“I had a head injury.
“I know it sounds bizarre and unlikely but it was quite a bad bang.
SCOPEFEATURES.COM27 When he was eight years old he suffered a head injury which led him to become obsessed with music
“I had it stitched up and stuff but all my interests changed.
“I had been obsessed with insects and creepy crawlies.
“I used to get up at five o’clock in the morning and go out into this field behind our garden and collect insects before everyone else got up.
“Suddenly, all I wanted to know about was music.
“It just seemed a very strange thing and I have a theory that maybe it was something to do with this accident.
“This whole left brain, right brain thing.
“I became absolutely obsessed with music and everything changed after that.”
As his business thrived, dad Jack was able to move his family from London to Radlett, in Hertfordshire.
Alpha27 George Michael with his parents at his 30th birthday held at Newmarket Races
It was at Bushey Meads School that teenager George met the pal who would change his life — budding singer and guitarist Andrew Ridgeley.
They became pals because Andrew had always wanted to mentor a new kid.
He got his chance when George arrived on September 9, 1975.
Andrew said: “As a junior, I had never been considered responsible enough to have a new kid in my charge so I was dying to have a go.
“He was introduced, I put my hand up and I got him.
“At the next playtime we were playing “king of the wall”.
“You had to climb up on top of this wall and people tried to push you off.
27 George Michael with his mum Lesley
27
“I made him get up there.
“ I bullied him into it and he got up there and pushed me off.
“He became King of the Wall.”
George’s protective mum was suspicious of Andrew, who was more outgoing and flash than her son.
While Andrew later gained a reputation as a ladies’ man, at school people thought he was gay because of the outlandish clothes he wore.
The pair shared a dream of becoming pop stars and formed a short-lived ska band, The Executive, with Andrew, his brother Paul, Andrew Leaver and David Mortimer.
George was also busking in London singing Queen hits, while also writing his own songs which would later become chart hits all over the world.
One of those was Careless Whisper, which he wrote as a 17-year-old on the top deck of a bus.
He dedicated the song to his mum and dad.
SCOPEFEATURES.COM27 George and WHAM! bandmate Andrew Ridgeley who he met when teens
Rex Features27
The idea for the song, which went on to be No1 in more than 20 countries and top five in ten more, began when George was 12.
He said: “I used to have to chaperone my sister, who was two years older, to an ice rink at Queensway in London.
“There was a girl there with long blonde hair whose name was Jane.
“I was a fat boy in glasses and I had a crush on her — though I didn’t stand a chance.
“My sister used to go and do what she wanted when we got to the rink and I would spend the afternoon swooning over this girl Jane.
Getty Images27 George Michael on stage with other British pop acts on stage for Live Aid concert at Wembley Stadium
The Picture Library Ltd.27 Crowd shot from 'WHAM! The Final' concert at Wembley Stadium 1986
“A few years later, when I was 16, I had my first longish relationship with a girl called Helen.
"It had just started to cool off a bit when I learned that the blonde girl from Queensway had moved in just round the corner from my school.
“One day I saw her walk down the path next to me and I thought, Where did she come from?’.
He said she didn’t know it was him — because a few years had passed and he looked a lot different.
George added: “We played a school disco with The Executive and she saw me singing and decided she fancied me.
“By this time she was that much older and a big buxom thing, and eventually I started seeing her.
“She invited me in one day and I was in heaven.
“I couldn’t believe that all my dreams were coming true.
“I didn’t wear glasses any more.
“I got invited to parties.
“And the girl who didn’t even see me when I was 12 invited me in.
27 George wrote Careless Whisper at the age of 17
“We went out for a couple of months but I didn’t stop seeing Helen.
“I thought I was being smart.
“I had gone from a total loser to being a two-timer.
“The whole idea of Careless Whisper was the first girl finding out about the second, which she never did.”
He began another relationship with a girl called Alexis, without finishing with Jane.
George said: “Jane found out about her and got rid of me.
“I did feel guilty about the first girl — I have seen her since — and the idea of the song was about her.
“Careless Whisper was us dancing, because we danced a lot, and the idea was that we are dancing, she knows and it’s finished.
All Action27 George Michael with Princess Diana at World Aids Day charity bash
“Looking back, the confidence I had for that short period of time is amazing.
“I still looked horrendous.
“I was way overweight, really not attractive at all, and yet I had more confidence at 16 than I have ever had.
“I looked gross but in the mirror I felt great, for no reason.
“When I look in the mirror now I can’t get rid of the image of me as a child.
“I always see this child trying to look like something else.
“I see this kid, this kid who is going to be found out.”
George’s dad wasn’t pleased about his son’s desire to be a pop star, trying instead to push him into a proper education.
WENN27 The single Faith went straight to No1 in the UK while the album stayed in the Billboard 200 for 51 weeks
The wannabe singer refused to go to private school and his father gave up hope of him getting a “real career”.
George said: “Me and my dad were having this big argument.
“We were driving in the car and I was playing this demo tape.
“I told him there is no way I am not going to try to do this, so the least you could do is give me some moral support.
‘All 17-year-olds want to be pop stars’, he said.
“‘No, dad’, I said. ‘All 12-year-olds want to be pop stars’.”
But bosses at CBS Records saw something different — a potential goldmine.
Andrew and George were 18 when CBS signed them for £500 each in a contract that George would come to describe as “professional slavery”.
But the problems of his years battling record producers was a long way off.
Getty Images27 George Michael hid his sexuality from the media until 1998
 
George said: “Oh my God, I had £500.
“I had never been more flush.
“It took me a long time to spend that £500.”
He immediately quit his job in a cinema and planned on making the dream he’d had since he was eight come true.
He said: “I went into that office and gave up that job as though I’d just become a diamond dealer.
“When your real name is Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou you need a stage name fast.”
George Michael was born.
While everything he wrote for Wham! turned to gold, George learned he did not like the fame that came with it.
He said: “For a while it was just absolutely magical.
“Playing out your fantasies, and with your best mate, it was a dream.
“I was supremely confident that I was writing pop classics but I was also aware that if I left the imagery a bit more to Andrew, kids loved it.”
As a child he had watched footage from the Seventies of US teen idol David Cassidy being mobbed by girls on his first trip to London.
George said: “There was a shot that stuck with me more than anything else.
“He was there in slow motion heading a football around on the top of the LWT building.
“The camera panned over the side of the building and there were thousands of girls just screaming, but they couldn’t get to him.
“My desire for fame was all locked up in that moment.”
Wham! catapulted him there at dizzying speed.
RELATED STORIESCommentJEREMY CLARKSON Help fight the Government’s plan to silence the free Press – and save your own freedom HIS MUSIC LIVES ON Spotify streams for George Michael hits increase by more than three THOUSAND per cent 'I LOVED HIM VERY, VERY MUCH' Heartbroken Kenny Goss pays tribute to 'long time love' George Michael 'OH DO SHUT UP' Kay Burley hits out at Kirstie Allsopp on Twitter in spat over George Michael death reporting 'It's a Christmas I'll never forget' George Michael's boyfriend relives heartbreaking moment he found star's body ExclusiveLAST CHRISTMAS George Michael planned Boxing Day dinner with ex-Wham! star Shirlie Holliman before tragic death A MUSICAL ICON The lowdown on George Michael's most famous songs and tumultuous love life enders' spooky twist EastEnders' George Michael superfan 'Fat Hev' made surprise return to soap on Christmas Eve 'THIS IS CRAZY' Shocked producer Nile Rodgers reveals he was at George Michael's home just TWO DAYS before singer died GENEROUS GESTURE Richard Osman recalls the time George Michael paid £15k for Deal or No Deal woman's IVF 
The band’s first album, Fantastic, reached No1 in the UK in 1983, producing a series of hit singles including Young Guns, Wham Rap! Bad Boys and the classic Club Tropicana.
Their second album, Make It Big, reached No1 across the Atlantic.
Singles from that album included Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go, Freedom, Everything She Wants and Careless Whisper.
But problems were appearing. George said: “By the time I was 22 or 23 I knew I was chasing something that was making me unhappy.
“I had no physical confidence and looked up to Andrew on such a level because he just oozed confidence out of every pore.
“Suddenly we were massively successful and I went from being Andrew’s shadow to being the centre of attention.
“At that level, somehow I lost all my confidence.
“I suppose, also, there was the realisation that my sexuality was no longer a reality for me and I suddenly felt like a fake.
“So the whole thing turned me into somebody who felt the camera was my enemy.
“It’s not that I’d stopped having sex with women, but I was already fully aware that in itself it was a lie.”
Despite his record company pumping out videos and images of Wham! as two eligible ladies’ men, George was slowly coming to the conclusion he was gay.
He said: “I had been out to a lot of people since I was 19, and I wish to God it had happened then.
“I have to be honest, I don’t think that I would have had the same career.
Getty Images27
“My ego might not have been satisfied in some areas quite as much, but I think I would have been a happier man.
“I came out to various friends and one of my sisters, and I said I was going to talk to my mum and dad.
“My friends persuaded me, in no uncertain terms, that it really wasn’t the best idea.
“I don’t think they were trying to protect my career or their careers.
“I think they were literally just thinking of my dad, they thought he would hit the roof.
“Then, very soon after that, everything changed.
“Aids was just not something I was prepared to bring into my parents’ life.
“I was too young and too immature to know I was sacrificing as much as I was.”
27 George with models Christy Turlington (left) and Linda Evangelista (right) who starred in Freedom! 90 music video
The Wham! hit machine rolled on, making history by appearing in the Band Aid record.
In 1985 they became the first Western pop band to play in Communist China.
Chinese TV presenter Kan Lijun, who hosted the concert, said: “No one had seen anything like that before.
“All the young people were amazed and everybody was tapping their feet.
“Of course, the police weren’t happy and they were scared there would be riots.”
Despite breaking new ground musically, rumours were by now swirling that Wham! were about to split.
George said: “When I decided to split with Andrew, I was in the middle of a very heavy depression.
“I had personal problems at the time.
“I was going through the end of a relationship and I was feeling very negative about the whole Wham! thing.
Getty Images27 George with singer Elton John at gala dinner on behalf of AIDS victims
“I was feeling trapped by a lot of things.
“I can honestly say that I never lost my temper until I was 22 years old.
“And then, for a period of about six or eight months at the end of Wham!, I really lost it.
“I was blowing up in areas where I normally wouldn’t.
“One time I was with the band’s backing singer, Shirlie Kemp, coming out of Stringfellows and these two photographers just jumped out in front of us.
“The flashes just seemed to set me off.
“I grabbed this guy and pushed him against the wall, swearing and threatening to kill him.
“The other guy got a picture of me, just as I turned, with a nasty expression on my face.”
Another time, he had a fight with former bandmate David Austin outside Stringfellows.
He said: “Things like that are so out of my character.
“It was set off by David thinking I was after his girlfriend.”
Wham!’s meticulously planned death throes began with a farewell single, The Edge of Heaven, which reached No1 in the UK in the summer of 1986.
It was their final chart topper.

Three days after George’s 23rd birthday, Wham! ended it all at Wembley Stadium in front of 72,000 fans.
A million people applied for tickets.
George said: “It was really perfect. It was the cherry on the cake.”
George remembered going up to Andrew at the party afterwards and giving him a big hug.
He said: “It was sad. Whatever happened, no matter how much we kept in touch, from then on it was a totally different thing.
“It was very sad, very moving.
“The fans may have loved the songs but the reason it became as big as it did is because it was based on something real, our friendship.
“No way could I have ever done it without Andrew.
“I can’t think of anybody I have ever met in my life who would have been so perfect in allowing something which started out as a naive, joint ambition to become what was a huge double act . . . but what was really mine.
Scope Features27 George and Andrew snapped with dog
“I have never met anyone who would be strong or generous enough to let that happen.
“The luckiest thing that ever happened to me was meeting Andrew.
“He shaped my life.”
Even after Wham! split in 1986 — and the truth about George’s sexuality was pretty much an open secret in the media — he remained in the closet for another 12 years.
He allowed the image as a red-blooded womaniser to continue, and even cited affairs with actress Brooke Shields and celebrity make-up artist Kathy Yeung in a book.
There was an extraordinary flirtation with Princess Diana after they met at the Live Aid concert at Wembley in 1985.
They became close friends, but not before George had fended off an apparent invitation to an affair from the unhappily married princess.

In a TV interview he said: ‘There was no question she was very attracted to me.
“It would have been disastrous to do anything.”
George launched his solo career early the following year.
He sang a duet called I Knew You Were Waiting with one of his favourite artists of all time, Aretha Franklin.
It went to No1 in the UK and in the US.
His first solo album, Faith, was a huge success in 1987 despite the single I Want Your Sex being banned for its sexually suggestive lyrics. MTV broadcast the video, featuring Kathy Jeung in a basque and suspenders, only during late night hours, which in itself was great publicity.
George argued that the act was beautiful if the sex was monogamous, and he recorded a brief prologue for the video in which he said: “This song is not about casual sex.”
One of the racier scenes involved George writing “explore monogamy” on his partner’s back in lipstick.

Some radio stations insisted on playing a toned-down version of the song, which was called I Want Your Love.
All the while, the image of George as a ladies’ man was being further reinforced.
The second single, title track Faith, went to No1 in the UK, while the album remained in America’s Billboard 200 for an astonishing 51 weeks.
George’s life as a hit-maker was just warming up.
His next album, Listen Without Prejudice in 1990, went straight in at No1 in the UK charts and reached No2 in the US.
Yet despite selling more than a million copies, it was damned by CBS executives as a failure because it sold only half the number of copies as Faith.
While the public adored him, many in the record industry thought he was difficult to work with and arrogant.
He was certainly not popular with the stuffed suits.
The Los Angeles Times even received an open letter from Frank Sinatra, who told him: “Come on George, loosen up. Swing. Dust off those gossamer wings and fly yourself to the moon.”

It was here he fell out spectacularly with his record company, Sony Records, which had bought the original CBS contract he had signed for £500.
Sony boss Rod Stringer said: “There was a basic falling out over the philosophy of not promoting the record and not providing a video for the first single.”
At the time George said: “If my life goes the way I want it to, I would like to never set foot in front of a camera again.”
It would take him until 2007 to be free of the contract he signed as an 18-year-old.
In 1991, Wham! were reunited in front of 170,000 people — their biggest live crowd — in Rio’s Maracana Stadium.
It was here in Brazil that he met his first real love.
George said: “It was a strange, strange thing. I don’t know if people will relate to this but there have only been three times in my life that I have really fallen for anyone.

Louie De Filippis27 George lost the first love of his life Anselmo Feleppa to Aids in 1993
“Each time on first sight something has clicked in my head that told me I was going to know that person.
“I met him in that hotel lobby and I didn’t understand why the click happened.
“This is a man in a Brazilian hotel, I’m never going to see him again. Why did that happen? This was the first love of my entire life.
“This was the first person I ever shared my life with.
“I was 27 and I had just started my first proper relationship, which is pretty old really. Unfortunately, within six months I knew he was terminally ill.
“So it was a very strange first love. It was very distorted by the situation but it was also a wonderful experience.
“It was tragic that I lost him but it was a wonderful, wonderful experience.”
peter.murphy@scopefeatures.com27 Wham! duo George Michael and Andrew Ridgeley
Brazilian fashion designer Anselmo Feleppa had been dying of Aids.
While George was nursing his lover, Sony was suing him in the London courts for failing to publicise the album Listen Without Prejudice.
George was hitting back and trying to break free from the contract.
Three months after his lover’s death, the High Court ruled against George, deciding the contract he had signed was legally binding.
The following year Sony sold his contract to Virgin Records and Dreamworks.
George said: “I did sign a piece of paper aged 18 but it was professional slavery.
“When you have just made $200million for a company, you expect them to be a little bit patient with you.
“It was very obvious I was going through something personal which meant that I couldn’t face the world.
“What I was actually going through was dealing with the fact that the person I cared for most in the world had a terminal illness.
“I didn’t know how long that terminal illness would be. I didn’t know when I would ever be happy enough to write another song. I was absolutely terrified. At that point in time I had no idea what to do.”
His beloved mum Lesley died of cancer in 1997, which was a gut-punch for family-orientated George.
Rex Features27 George called the year his mum died a 'dark period' in his life
He said: “It was such a dark period of my life.
“I thought it was just going to continue that way. I struggled with huge depression, especially after my mother died. I struggled with huge depression. There is a bad combination here.
“There is someone who doesn’t take bereavement very well. I don’t think any of us do but some people take longer than others and there’s a situation where you are your own boss.
“No one is kicking you up the a*** to get out there and live again and see the positive.”
“Two bereavements — losing your lover and your mother in the space of three years — is a tough one.”
George believed his biggest scandal, being bust by undercover cops in a sex sting, would never have happened if his mother had been alive.

She had known he was gay for four years before her death.
When Anselmo died, he wrote to her revealing what had become an almost open secret.
After being prosecuted for engaging in a lewd act during the sting at public toilets in a Beverly Hills park, he was forced to reveal he was in a relationship, with American art dealer Kenny Goss.
He said: “I was going to get outed one way or another.
“I think I was sick of the secret.
“There wasn’t any reason to be quiet now that my mother was no longer in this world and I was proud of my sexuality.
“It was a strange way of going about telling the world.
“I couldn’t do it in the regular way.
“I had to fool myself. I am not a liar.
“This was one lie I had been trying to tell people for years but something in me picked the most difficult way to do it.”
ScopeFeatures.com27 Pop icon George Michael battled with drug addiction during difficult time after his mum's death
But his other vice, drug taking, would lead him into more trouble with the law.
With an estimated wealth of more than £100million, he could afford it.
He admitted on Desert Island Discs in 2007 he could easily pay for the 25 spliffs a day he was smoking at one time, though he was trying to cut down.
He said: “I am a happy man. I can afford my marijuana. I am constantly trying to smoke less. Is it a problem in my life?
Is it getting in the way of my life? I don’t think so.”
At the time he went on the radio he was doing community service helping drug addicts and people with mental problems.
He had been sentenced to help in the community after driving while unfit through drugs, when he was found slumped at the wheel at traffic lights.
A year later he was caught again with cannabis and cautioned.
But George was still making records and touring.
His 25 Live tour, to make his 25th anniversary in the business, earned him nearly £50million.
Despite musical success, his drug habit would eventually land him in jail.
XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM27 The singer earned nearly £50 million on his live tour
One of the pals who may have seen it coming was Elton John. George once claimed Elton “lived on” telling people he was worried about him.
He said: “Elton lives on that. He will not be happy until I bang on his door in the middle of the night saying, ‘Please, please, help me, Elton. Take me to rehab.’ ”
Friends say part of the problem was George became a bit of a recluse, ditching the clubs of London, preferring to walk his dogs on Hampstead Heath.
Returning home in the early hours of a July morning in 2010, he was seen on CCTV crashing his 4x4 into the window of his local Snappy Snaps.
He was charged with driving under the influence of drugs and possessing cannabis, which got him an eight-week jail sentence and five-year driving ban.
For years, George had been addicted to prescription pain killers, and more recently rumours began to circulate that he was smoking crack cocaine.
Stories claiming he had been to a rehab clinic in Switzerland were denied.
Getty Images27 George Michael with his long-term lover Kenny Goss
He did claim being in prison had “re-engergised” his life and he was writing songs again.
In March 2011, George released a cover version, True Faith, for charity.
He released another cover version, You and I, to mark the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton.
That autumn his Symphonica Tour had to be abandoned when he caught pneumonia in Austria.
Former lover Kenny travelled to the hospital in Vienna to be at his bedside.
Just before Christmas that year, George made a tearful appearance outside his London home, saying it had been ”touch and go” whether he lived.
The last single he wrote himself, White Light, marked 30 years since Wham! stormed the charts.
He performed it at the closing of the London Olympics in 2012.
George was lucky not to be killed in May 2103 when he fell out of the passenger door of his Range Rover travelling at 70mph, going into the outside lane of the M1 near St Albans.
He lay dazed and covered in blood as speeding vehicles were swerving around him.
Katherine Fox, 23, who used her Mini to shield the star, said: “He was lucky he didn’t die.”
27 George Michael with James Corden on the very first Carpool Karaoke
After the release of his Symphonica album nearly three years ago, George retreated to his home at Goring-on-Thames in Oxfordshire.
He was living there with his new boyfriend, Lebanese hairstylist Fadi Fawaz, who looked after singer Katherine Jenkins’ hair.
The couple were last seen together in September when he announced plans to re-release Listen Without Prejudice.
He was also working on a new documentary called Freedom: George Michael, featuring Mark Ronson, Mary J Blige, Tony Bennett, Liam Gallagher, Stevie Wonder, James Corden and Ricky Gervais.
After George’s death from suspected heart failure at home it is not known if the film will be released.
Despite all his troubles over the past two decades, George said: “I’m a happy man.
“It took years for me to believe that the blows weren’t going to keep coming.”
For millions of music fans George Michael’s unexpected death at 53 was a blow that they will leave a massive hole in their lives.

