How Oscar compares to Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi among world’s highest paid footballers after move from Chelsea to Shanghai SIPG
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2467950/oscar-chelsea-china-transfer-highest-paid-footballers-cristiano-ronaldo-lionel-messi/
23rd December 2016, 3:00 pm
OSCAR might be off to earn £500,000-a-week in China - but he's not even in the top FIVE earning players in the world.
The Brazilian is the latest South American to triple his earnings after landing a £60million switch from Chelsea.
Shanghai Sipg5 Oscar has been spotted wearing the Shanghai SIPG shirt after Chelsea agreed a deal for him to be sold
But that does not put 25-year-old Oscar in the top bracket.

Keep up to date with ALL the latest football news, gossip and rumours

Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi and Neymar make up the top three in the planet's best-paid footy stars.
Ronaldo, who won his fourth Ballon d'Or trophy ten days ago, takes home £52.6million a year before tax, that's over £1million a WEEK.
Messi is not far behind him, just under the million-a-week figure, while Neymar and Gareth Bale are also close in third and fourth.
The Chinese Super League might be on the up when paying the top players, but they still cannot match the spending power of the likes of Real Madrid and Barcelona, who thanks to their blockbuster telly contracts, can offer huge salaries.
5 Cristiano Ronaldo is the highest earner in football pre-tax
Elsewhere on the list is Ezequiel Lavezzi, who moved from Paris Saint-Germain to Habe China Fortune.
Wayne Rooney is the highest British-based player on the list, with the Manchester United star taking home £19.9m a season, or £380,000 a week - but for how much longer will United stump up that much?
Yaya Toure is not far behind Rooney, raking in £17m a season, closely followed by Hulk, Luis Suarez, Eden Hazard and Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Surprisingly there is no place for the likes of Sergio Aguero, Paul Pogba or Antoine Griezmann anywhere in the top 15.
Getty Images5 Cristiano Ronaldo is the world's best-paid footballer
AP:Associated Press5 Lionel Messi is not far behind Ronaldo as the second-highest earner
Getty Images5 Neymar is the world's third-highest earner
Meanwhile for the likes of Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil, who are both having a contract stand-off with Arsenal, they can only dream of being near the top, with £340,000-a-week deemed too much from Arsenal at the moment.
One thing is for certain though, in 12 months this list will look different once again, with players constantly being paid more and more and China's inflated wages driving up stars' salaries.
Who will be the next man to follow Ronaldo as the next £1m-a-week star?


