Jose Mourinho would love to sign a new Manchester United contract as he rules out chance of making switch to Chinese Super League
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2454778/jose-mourinho-contract-manchester-united-chinese-super-league-rejected/
21st December 2016, 10:32 pm
JOSE MOURINHO has ruled out any move to China and wants to stay at Old Trafford for the long term.
His previous managerial jobs have lasted about three years as he hopped around Europe before going back to Chelsea in 2013.
PA:Press Association5 Jose Mourinho admits hed love to sign a new Man Utd contract
There has been talk of a lucrative job offer in China for Mourinho.
But the 53-year-old signed a three-year deal at Manchester United in the summer.

Keep up to date with ALL the Manchester United news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

And the confident Portuguese said: “They always gave me the feeling that three years is not the time I’m going to stay.
“I always had the feeling I am going to stay for longer. They know I’m loving it at every level, they know I’m loving my job at Manchester.”
 
PA:Press Association5 The Special One has won seven of the last ten games

Reuters5 The likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic have proven to be great signings
Executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward and the United board are happy with the football Mourinho has got United playing after two dull years under Louis van Gaal.
And with a massive £15million-a-year contract at the club, the idea of jumping ship for China is not realistic, even if they offered him more money.
For Mourinho it is about the football and the challenge of getting the Red Devils back to where Sir Alex Ferguson had them
Mourinho said: “The China money is attractive for everyone but I love more my football at the highest level.
“I’m too young at 53 with too many years of football to go to a place like China — I want to stay in the most difficult place to win.”

Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport's daily LIVE blog

Related StoriesLive BlogDEADLINE DAY LIVE Everton get Mangala loan done as transfers filter through after deadline VICTOR BRAVO Manchester United agree £42million deal for Benfica's Swedish centre-back Victor Lindelof PicturedXmas Cheer Man United get into festive spirit with Paul Pogba and Ander Herrera all smiles at training ExclusiveUPPING THE ANT-E Antonio Valencia signs new two-year deal at Man United after shining under Jose Mourinho this season 
PA:Press Association5 Big names such as Oscar have been tempted by Chinese money
Reuters5 Mourinho insists he has no plans of going to the Chinese Super League
After a shaky start United are on a ten-match unbeaten run and have won their last four games in all competitions.
They have an EFL Cup semi-final against Hull in the New Year and are into the knockout stages of the Europa League.
But Mourinho dismisses the suggestion that five months’ work has now prompted the Theatre of Dreams hierarchy to prepare to improve his terms or lengthen his deal.
The Special One added: “I’m not expecting them to do it because they gave me a three-year contract. They are super supportive.
“I know that if one day they bring a new contract, I sign it.
“I will sign it because I’m loving it.”

