Sunderland 0 Chelsea 1: Watch highlights as Cesc Fabregas breaks down Black Cats’ overloaded defence to send Blues six points clear at top of the table
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2401193/watch-highlights-sunderland-0-chelsea-1-cesc-fabregas-breaks-down-black-cats-overloaded-defence-to-send-blues-six-points-clear-at-top-of-the-table/
15th December 2016, 12:40 am
CESC FABREGAS scored his first Premier League goal since May to extend Chelsea's lead at the top of the table to six points.
The Spaniard - signed by Jose Mourinho in June 2014 - also helped Antonio Conte equal the club record of ten wins in a row set by the Special One in 2006.
PA:Press Association7 Cesc Fabregas scored for Chelsea to extend their lead at the top of the table to six points

 
Sunderland lined up with SEVEN defenders in the team.

Keep up to date with ALL the Chelsea news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary

But David Moyes' tactics were undone five minutes before half time.
Fabregas played a one-two with Willian, receiving the ball back on the edge of the box and picking out the bottom corner with a curling effort.
Sunderland left it late to press for an equaliser and were only denied by the superb Thibaut Courtois.
The Belgian had a quiet night but was alert and focused in injury time to keep out first Jason Denayer, and then Patrick van Aanholt.
Chelsea now lead second-placed Arsenal by six points, while basement boys Sunderland remain bottom with 11 points.
Reuters7 Cesc Fabregas curls one from outside the box to pick out the bottom corner
Facts, stats, goals & lols

Sunderland welcomed five-year-old fan Bradley Lowery to join with their warm-up – and even scored past Chelsea stopper Asmir Begovic. He is suffering from neuroblastoma, a rare childhood cancer, and is sadly not expected to stay alive long into 2017.
Oscar was missing from the Chelsea squad. He says he is “90 per cent certain” to move to Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG in January.
Reuters7 David Moyes barks instructions at his Sunderland players from the dugout

Reuters7 Antonio Conte has now equalled the Chelsea record of ten wins in a row
Eden Hazard was also out for the first time this season. He picked up a knock against West Brom.

Sunderland’s injury curse has hit again. They have already had more crocks than any other side this season. And against Chelsea they were without Steven Pienaar and Victor Anichebe.


It meant two 17-year-olds, Joel Asoro and Josh Maja, were in their squad against the Blues.

With his limited options, David Moyes sprung a surprise by matching Chelsea’s formation and going with three centre-halves for the first time this season – John O’Shea being recalled.
Reuters7 Brave Bradley Lowery hugs Sunderland's top scorer Jermain Defoe before kick off
Reuters7 Thibaut Courtois produced an incredible save at the end of the game to ensure the win

Sunderland had three former Chelsea players in their side. But between them, Patrick van Aanholt, Papy Djilobodji and Fabio Borini only made six league appearances for the Blues.


Jermain Defoe is the only player to have scored against Chelsea with four different Premier League clubs. He scored Sunderland’s third in a 3-2 win here versus the Blues in May.


What a difference a year makes. On this day last year, a defeat away to Leicester left Chelsea just a point above the relegation zone. Now they are six points clear at the top.

Cesc Fabregas scored his first league goal of the season in just his third Prem start this term.

Related StoriesPicturedBrave Bradley See heartwarming moment cancer battler Bradley Lowery leads out beloved Sunderland Italian job Gianfranco Zola confirmed as new Birmingham City boss after shock sacking of Gary Rowett CATS WITH NO CREAM David Moyes unable to splash cash as Sunderland chief admits club have 'very limited' funds Just CHEL-LAXING Agent reveals Antonio Conte keen on signing Genoa's Diego Laxalt as Chelsea replacement for Oscar Lager top Antonio Conte encourages his Chelsea stars to drink beer minutes after the final whistle blows for rehydration 
 
NEXT FIVE FIXTURES
Sunderland
Watford (H) - Prem - Dec 17
Manchester United (A) - Prem - Dec 26
Burnley (A) - Prem - Dec 31
Liverpool (H) - Prem - Jan 2
Burnley (H) - FA Cup - Jan 7
Chelsea 
Crystal Palace (A) - Prem - Dec 17
Bournemouth (H) - Prem - Dec 26
Stoke (H) - Prem - Dec 31
Tottenham (A) - Prem - Jan 4
TBC (H) - FA Cup - Jan 8

Big picture
Premier League7 The current Premier League table
Social says

These 10 victories in a row equals Chelsea’s best sequence of league wins contained within a single season. #SUNCHE— Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) December 14, 2016


Yesss 1-0 👍 @cesc4official #Fabregas #SUNCHE ⚽️ good flair  from Conte 👌👍— Michael Ballack (@Ballack) December 14, 2016


Inch-perfect save from Courtois makes it ten wins in a row. Juggernaut. #CFC #SUNCHE #SAFC— Jason Shaffer (@shafferjason1) December 14, 2016



The judges' verdicts are in#SunChe#CFC pic.twitter.com/zGxlZTtJdy— Matt Penny (@salisbury_matt) December 14, 2016


David Moyes has picked seven defenders in his starting line-up for #SUNCHE. pic.twitter.com/oYTmf5R1GR— B/R Football (@brfootball) December 14, 2016




Dream Team ratings
SUNDERLAND: Pickford 7, Jones 6, Van Aanholt 7, Djilobodji 7, Kone 7, O'Shea 6, Denayer 6, Kirchhoff 6, Januzaj 6, Borini 5, Defoe 5.
Subs: Love 6, Larsson 6, Khazri 5.
Booked: O'Shea, Borini, Defoe.
CHELSEA: Courtois 7, Azpilicueta 8, David Luiz 7, Cahill 7, Moses 7, Kante 7, Fabregas 8, Alonso 7, Willian 8, Diego Costa 6, Pedro 6.
Subs: Matic 6, Chalobah 6, Ivanovic 6.
Booked: Moses, Pedro.
What they said
Cesc Fabregas on Conte's new system: "People forget this is the second time in my life I have played in this system.
"But I feel very comfortable, I have protection behind me. I'm really enjoying it, I think it suits me a lot.
"We want to keep winning. We know this period of the year we can send a strong message and hopefully we can continue like this."
David Moyes: "The team deserves a pat on the back for their effort, and how they tried to play against such a good team as Chelsea."
On Sunderland's limited transfer funds, he added: "The job is to work with the tools you have.
"We've got the squad, they've been here before and done it before.
"If the squad keeps playing the way they did tonight it will give us a chance [to survive]."



Keep up-to-date with all the latest transfer news and gossip ahead of the January window with SunSport's daily LIVE blog



 


