Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil prove they are worth every penny as Arsenal run riot on Basel
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2345559/alexis-sanchez-and-mesut-ozil-prove-they-are-worth-every-penny-as-arsenal-run-riot-on-basel/
7th December 2016, 1:40 am
SIGN ’em up, Arsene. It really is that simple.
To be taken seriously in the Champions League draw hall on Monday, you need players capable of turning the biggest games.
Getty Images5 Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez celebrate during Arsenal's rout in Switzerland
The big nights — the nights when this competition really comes alive in February — are beyond Basel.
They are not beyond the reach of Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil.
This pairing is the Dream Double.
Lucas Perez, scorer of a hat-trick for Arsenal on this stunning night in Switzerland, owed all three goals to them.
Alex Iwobi, who tucked away Arsenal’s fourth after 53 heady minutes, can send a love letter to them as well.
They will break hearts if they leave for the big bucks on offer elsewhere.
They two superstars took Arsenal to the top of Group A, shoulder-barging Paris Saint-Germain — who could only draw their final game — out of the way on matchday six.
RELATED ARTICLESWHO'S NEXT? Arsenal could face Bayern Munich or Real Madrid in Champions League round of 16 Stroke of Luc Basel 1 Arsenal 4: Lucas Perez hat-trick fires Gunners to top of their group after Paris Saint-Germain slip up against Ludogorets LUC WHO'S SCORED Lucas Perez has scored as many Champions League goals as Spurs this season... in just one game Live BlogGroup finale Champions League results: Arsenal beat Basel to finish top of group while Celtic hold Manchester City to draw 

Getty Images5 Alexis Sanchez has become a target for the mega rich Chinese Super League
To come this far, to finish ahead of the moneybags French giants, is special. They have spent mountains of cash trying to win the Champions League.
For once it came down to something else.
Sanchez set up Arsenal’s first goal with a delicious pass for Kieran Gibbs and Ozil engineered the second with a faded ball out to the left.
Perez, waiting in the six-yard box, tapped in both from close range when Gibbs delivered.
It set Arsenal on their way, knowing PSG were unbelievably failing to beat Bulgarian minnows Ludogorets.
Arsenal fans, a good couple of thousand of them inside St Jakob Park, were daring to dream. They are unbeaten in the Champions League this season, criss-crossing Europe on this impressive six-match hot streak.
The Gunners are always good for the group stage but the next test is the last 16.
To progress, to go deep into this tournament, they will rely on Ozil and Sanchez. Who wouldn’t?
Getty Images5 The Chilean forward unleashes a shot at goal during the win in Basel
Arsenal fans have been spoiled over the years with some of the finest players in world football.
Ask any Gunner to name their all-time favourites and Liam Brady, Tony Adams, Dennis Bergkamp, Thierry Henry and Ian Wright trip off their tongues.
Ozil and Sanchez are in there now. The contract rebels are holding out for eye-watering money before they commit their future to the Emirates.
Sanchez has been offered £400,000 a week to play in the Chinese Super League and is using that to up the ante.
With every mercurial pass, with every mesmerising chip, their cases get stronger and stronger.
They want the big money. Boy, they have earned it.
Sanchez and Ozil are the main men at Arsenal — the difference between the dream of winning trophies and delivering them.
They operate on a different level.
Getty Images5 Mesut Ozil is also in talks over a new long-term deal with the club
When Sanchez was substituted 20 minutes from time, he got an ovation from the Basel supporters in the main stand.
He had certainly earned it.
Sanchez, moved out to the wing to accommodate Perez, made the pass after eight minutes for Gibbs to collect on the left.
His cross was met by Perez at the far post and he scored his first with a clever little chip. Basel had a chance to equalise when Matias Delgado met a cross at the far post but David Ospina did well to paw it away. Beyond that the Swiss side were hopeless.
Perez scored his second eight minutes later when Ozil cut in from the left and flicked the ball out for Gibbs.
The Arsenal full-back crossed once more and Perez was there to tap his effort beyond Basel keeper Tomas Vaclik.
.@rioferdy5 feels it's critical for #AFC to pin down @MesutOzil1088 and @Alexis_Sanchez, if they're to win trophies. https://t.co/8F7eU7fmhV— Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 6, 2016


Two minutes after the start of the second half, Gibbs turned provider yet again.
This time his crossfield pass was diverted by Sanchez into the path of Perez out on the right.
The Spanish strike ace took a touch and then struck his effort low, beyond the desperate dive of Vaclik.
That was the hat-trick, a mighty impressive way to remind boss Wenger he signed a tidy finisher from Deportivo last summer.
Perez became the sixth Arsenal player — the others being Nicklas Bendtner, Danny Welbeck, Olivier Giroud, Henry and Ozil — to score a Champions League treble.
Reuters5 Arsene Wenger was delighted with his team's result in Switzerland
With the exception of Bendtner, he is in good company.
By the time Iwobi scored Arsenal’s fourth after 53 minutes, Perez’s work for the night was done.
Sanchez and Ozil linked up yet again down the left and the German crossed for Iwobi to put Arsenal out of sight.
There went in search of more, with Sanchez smashing the frame of the crossbar with a swerving 25-yard free-kick before he was replaced by Mohamed Elneny.
He deserved to add to his tally of goals, that is for sure.

The Chilean forward scored a hat-trick in the 5-1 victory over West Ham at the weekend.
Here he turned provider.
He seems happy either way, underling his quality and his importance to this Arsenal side with every passing week.
There will be a tinge of frustration that they allowed substitute Seydou Doumbia’s three-point turn to outfox them for Basel’s consolation with 12 minutes left.
It was no more than that.
This was Arsenal’s night, a night when this group of players came of age in the Champions League.
For that, they have the main men to thank.
Tweet @neilashton_

