Celebrate Chinese New Year avoiding costly takeaways with top supermarket deals — plus win a luxury cruise for two worth more than £2,700
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/money/8352299/celebrate-chinese-new-year-avoiding-costly-takeaways-with-top-supermarket-deals-plus-win-a-luxury-cruise-for-two-worth-more-than-2700/
4th February 2019, 10:12 pm
HAPPY Chinese New Year to all you Sun Savers out there.
It’s the Year of the Pig and you may be tempted to ring up your local takeaway to celebrate.
Alamy11 Celebrate Chinese New Year without the costly takeaways but with these supermarket deals
But it could get your new year off to a costly start, so today we’ve rounded up some tasty offers to help you celebrate without having to break in to the piggy bank.
Here is what’s on today’s savings menu . . .
ICELAND: You can snap up the frozen food specialist’s Chinese New Year deal which features three Uncle Ben’s products (covering the range of rices and sauces), plus a shiny new wok to stir fry in for just £5. The wok has a recommended retail price of £5, so you’re essentially getting a FREE dinner
TESCO: If your kitchen is already fully equipped and you’ve no need of another wok, you can tuck into Tesco’s stir-fry meal deal for £2.50. It includes a range of vegetables, noodles and sauces. There are more than enough options to take your fancy.
EAT IN: If you’re not up to cooking, new customers to TopCashback can bag a free £15 takeaway from the Just Eat app until Monday, April 1. Prawn toast anyone?
LOOK THE PART: Red is a colour associated with joy and celebration, so you’ll be pleased to know that you can pick up a lovely red ruched dress from Boohoo for £10.
And the fellas aren’t forgotten, you can snap up a Brave Soul check shirt at Asos.com for the bargain price of £9.50.
FIZZ: Round off your celebrations by popping this bottle of Prosecco DOC Extra Dry, £7.50, from Spar. It’s usually £9, so with that extra £1.50 in your pocket you can get a pack of Silk Road Fortune Cookies from Sainsbury’s for £1.
Top swap
11 This unicorn notebook from Home Bargains is the stuff of dreams at £1.29
11 The posh version from Accessorize will set you back £7.50
USE this unicorn notebook from Home Bargains for £1.29, instead of the one from Accessorize, for £7.50.
SAVE: £6.21
My Sun Savers fiver
KELLY GUY from Melksham, Wilts, says: “I’m saving my Savers fivers for next winter to help pay the electricity bill when it gets cold again.”

Send your Savers fiver stories to sunsavers.co.uk/fivers and you’ll get 28 codes worth £5 if yours is published. Please include your name and town.

Shop & save
11 Save on Young’s Gastro Fish Bakes from Tesco - usually £3
TUCK into Young’s Gastro Fish Bakes from Tesco, includes Mediterranean tomato and cheese and leek. RRP £3, now £2.
SAVE: £1
Hot right nowGET 50 per cent off main courses at Bella Italia until this Friday.

Cheap treat
11 This Cold Brew Coffee is a hot deal right now - at Sainsbury’s
PERK up with Califia Farms Cold Brew Coffee. Was £2.95, now £2.50 at Sainsbury’s.
SAVE: 45p
Deal of the day
11 Get a ski or snowboard lesson at ChillFactore and the second one is half price
A SECOND midweek ski or snowboard taster lesson at ChillFactore.com is £15 when you buy one at the usual £30.
SAVE: £15
Win a cruise for two
SET sail on the holiday of a lifetime as we give away a luxury cruise for two worth more than £2,700 in our latest Sun Savers competition.
Fifteen lucky readers will win a 12-night trip for two on the Back To The 80s cruise holiday in Bali from Imagine Cruising.
Royal Owned11 You can win a luxury cruise for two worth more than £2,700 in our latest Sun Savers competition
The trip begins in Singapore, where you will have two nights to enjoy the incredible food and shopping malls.
You will then set off on Voyager of the Seas for an activity-packed three-night cruise. From luxurious, relaxing spaces to thrilling entertainment and sports facilities, Voyager of the Seas has the lot. Discover the diversity of Malaysia in futuristic Kuala Lumpur and historic Malacca before returning to Singapore where you disembark and fly to Bali for seven nights.
Explore the Indonesian island’s gorgeous sandy beaches, jungle trails, spas and temples.
The highlight of your stay on the island will be the exclusive Back To The 80s concert. Dance the night away to the decade’s biggest hits from artists including Ultravox frontman and Band Aid co-founder Midge Ure, Toyah Wilcox, and Marc Almond who shot to fame with Soft Cell and their hit Tainted Love. Plus, sing along with T’Pau’s China In Your Hands and Belinda Carlisle’s Heaven Is A Place On Earth.
11 Don't miss the chance to go on a free a 12-night trip for two on the Back To The 80s cruise holiday in Bali
To be in with a chance of winning, download the Sun Savers app or sign up at sunsavers.co.uk.
Next, collect TEN Sun Savers codes from those printed daily in the paper until Tuesday, February 19. Today’s code is on Page 20. Enter your TEN codes on Sun Savers, then go to the “Win A Cruise” page in the “Offers” section and click “Enter” before midnight on Monday, February 25. Once you’ve done that you’re in with a chance of bagging this magical getaway.
Not a Sun Savers member? Download the free app or sign up at sunsavers.co.uk. Sun Savers gives you the chance to take advantage of FREE cash, treats and prizes. You can get FREE cash just for picking up the paper. For every 28 Sun Savers codes you collect, we give you a free fiver to spend however you like.
Play now to win £15,000 on the Sun Savers Raffle
JOIN thousands of readers taking part in the new Sun Savers Raffle.
Every Sun Savers code you enter will earn you a ticket for our £15k monthly Raffle. And for every ten tickets you collect in a calendar month, you get a GOLDEN TICKET for our £80k Raffle, which takes place every three months, with the first one at the end of June.11

Join thousands of readers taking part in the new Sun Savers Raffle

There is no limit to how many tickets you can collect. So the more you enter, the better your chances.
To take part go to sunsavers.co.uk or open the Sun Savers app. Then opt in to each month’s Raffle by clicking “Yes!” when prompted and start collecting the Sun Savers codes printed daily in the paper.
Every time you scan or enter a code into Sun Savers, you get a Raffle ticket in the £15k Raffle.
Not yet a Sun Savers member? Just go to sunsavers.co.uk or find “Sun Savers” in the app store to get started.

T&Cs apply. Full T&Cs at sunsavers.co.uk/faqs.

Fancy a free fiver?
YOU can get FREE cash with super Sun Savers just for buying your favourite paper.
Our brilliant new rewards club will pay back our most loyal readers.


11


Just pick up the paper each day to collect your Sun Savers codes and we will GIVE YOU £5 when you have ­collected 28.
This isn’t a one-off and there is no limit to how much cash you can save.
For every 28 codes you enter, we will give you a fiver. So over the course of a year, that could add up to £65.
We are keeping it super-simple. You don’t have to enter codes from consecutive days, so don’t worry if you forget a day or two.
MOST READ IN MONEY TIPS'HE WON'T STRUGGLE' Jamie Oliver's staff lash out as 1k jobs cut in restaurant collapse POUNDED Fraudsters are nicking £674 PER MINUTE in 'out-of-control' bank transfer cons SUMMER TIME Aldi is selling an electric patio heater with a speaker FRAUD WARNING Mum lost £780 a month benefits after loan firm assigned her Universal Credit BONUS TIME Sainsbury's is offering 10p a litre off fuel and 150 extra Nectar card points PUMP WARS Supermarkets pushing up price of petrol on a DAILY basis, RAC claims 


11


Download our easy Sun Savers app and quickly scan your code using your smartphone. Or go online and enter your code at sunsavers.co.uk.
To get you on your way, join today and we will put a bonus £1 in your Sun Savers wallet tomorrow. And the good news doesn’t stop with free cash.
With Sun Savers, we give you the best hacks, deals and tips to save money every single day.
TO JOIN: Don’t worry, folks — joining takes just 30 seconds, in three steps.
Bombay Sapphire has launched a flavoured edible paint to change the colour of your gin and tonic

