Dad desperately wants to get his tattoo removed because it’s ruining his job prospects – and he’s asking strangers to pay for the procedure
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/2150459/dad-desperately-wants-to-get-his-tattoo-removed-because-its-ruining-his-job-prospects-and-hes-asking-strangers-to-pay-for-the-procedure/
9th November 2016, 3:10 pm
A MAN who made the decision to tattoo his face after he dreamt about it, is planning to travel 8,000 miles to have it removed because he fears people discriminate against him for it.
Jeff Emshoff, 49, decided to have the striking shape etched on his forehead and cheeks a week after dreaming about it and now he wants help paying for it to be removed.
PA REAL LIFE6 Jeff and his son Kaiis pose together for a picture after he got his facial tattoo
The dad-of-one was completely sober when he got the inking and he still really likes the design.
He is, however, concerned that it is limiting his work prospects, which could restrict his earning potential.
Jeff, from California, left his road building job in 2002, to fulfil his dream of travelling and living a simpler life.
Jeff said:“I decided to take a trip and try and find myself. I quit my job and, with a couple of friends, we headed to Mexico.”
PA REAL LIFE6 Jeff got the tattoo after he had a dream about the design
There Jeff discovered the symbol of his birth day in the Mayan calendar, used in Central America.
“That night I had a dream about that symbol. I had it tattooed on my forehead and along my nose and loved it,” he said.
“So, the next week, we found someone with a tattoo gun and I had it tattooed.”
The symbol is a moon-shape over his forehead and dots along his brow-line, nose and cheek.
“I never had any regrets whatsoever,” Jeff said. “It just felt like something that happened, a spontaneous thing I did.”
Related storiesWarning Graphictatt's gross This guy hated the tattoos on his forehead...so he got the flesh SLICED OUT into a weird pattern instead TATTOO VISIBLE The lowdown on the law on body art in the workplace Warning GraphicTAT WAS AN ERROR Man left with rotting pit on his arm after buying cheap chemicals in DIY tattoo removal bid NO REGRETS How to get rid of a tattoo - from laser removal to surgery Video‘I'd chop his arm off if I could’ Miffed wife insists her hubby has his huge ‘Bad Boy’ tattoo removed on Tattoo Disasters 
When he returned to Mariposa, near Yosemite, California, USA, though, Jeff said people gave him strange looks and children would point at his face.
“Some people would say ‘what a weirdo’, but you’re always going to have some people like that,” he confessed.
PA REAL LIFE6 Jeff has now started a GoFundMe page to help him pay for the tattoo removal
And, before long, he stopped noticing people’s negative reactions and became used to living with his unusual appearance.
Even Jeff’s parents Helen, 71, and Eugene, 74, who were unsure about his tattoos at first, soon came around to the idea.
“I’m no stranger to tattoos. I have a big Asian jungle on my back, a bonsai tree on my legs, Chinese characters on my arms and ankles and an astrological birth chart on my fingers,” he said.
PA REAL LIFE6 Jeff is concerned that the unique inking will affect his job prospects
Working as a road builder was not a problem initially, either, as his trade union found him jobs.
“When I arrived for work, people would tell me my tattoo was off-putting to them at first,” he admitted. “But once they got to know me, they were fine.”
Jeff met and married Misha Montoya, now 33, in June 2004 and adopted her son Kaiis, now seven.
They have since divorced, but Jeff now wants his tattoos removed, to make it easier to find regular work, so he can support Kaiis.
PA REAL LIFE6 Jeff has already travelled 8,000 miles to Kerola, India, once for a removal session, but wants four more to remove the inking for good
“When I’ve had to find work on my own, I’ve really struggled,” he said. “I never got hired without the union and I think that could be because of my tattoo.
“I have a good work record and good references.”
Jeff has already travelled 8,000 miles to Kerola, India, once for a removal session, but wants four more to remove the inking for good.
PA REAL LIFE6 “When I’ve had to find work on my own, I’ve really struggled,” he said. “I never got hired without the union and I think that could be because of my tattoo."
Despite travel costs of around $1,200 (£965) return each time there and back, it’s still cheaper than doing it in the US, although he can’t fund the pricey trips on his own so has set up a GoFundMe page.
In India he pays just $50 (£40) per session, compared to $1,000 (£804) in America.
Jeff added: “Since becoming a father and having to face a faltering economy and employers' potential preconceptions and prejudices, towards someone with a tattooed face, I have made the conscious decision to remove my tattoos.
“This is to safeguard my ability to support my son and make sure he has a chance to succeed in the uncertain times ahead.
“If it wasn’t for my son, I wouldn’t even consider the removal.”


