PM rushes to make Trump a ‘key ally’ of Brexit Britain and wants him to visit at the ‘earliest opportunity’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2147854/theresa-may-congratulates-donald-trump-on-stunning-victory-and-said-she-is-looking-forward-to-working-with-him/
9th November 2016, 9:47 am
THERESA MAY rushed to make Donald Trump a key ally of Brexit Britain yesterday as the billionaire turned the world on its head and stormed to the White House.
Within two hours of the Republican’s staggering victory, the Prime Minister congratulated the outspoken President Elect.
6 Theresa May has congratulated Donald Trump on becoming President

And she said she was “looking forward” to working with the Republican to make Britain and America’s special relationship stronger than ever.
Government sources last night claimed Mrs May was keen to meet Mr Trump for face-to-face talks at the “earliest opportunity”.
Tories urged her to be the first world leader to meet the President Elect – who promised his political earthquake would be “Brexit times ten”.
AP6 The PM said she is looking forward to working with the President-elect
One Tory said Mrs May had the chance to guide the leader of the free world in a repeat of the relationship Margaret Thatcher had with Ronald Reagan in the Eighties.
In a short statement, the PM said: “I would like to congratulate Donald Trump on being elected the next President of the United States, following a hard fought campaign.
“Britain and the United States have an enduring and special relationship based on the values of freedom, democracy and enterprise.
“We are and will remain strong and closer partners on trade, security and defence. I look forward to working with President-elect Donald Trump, building on these ties to ensure the security and prosperity of our nations in the years ahead.”
RELATED STORIES:'No Chance' Alan Sugar denies he will be following Donald Trump into politics after fans tip him as next PM TRUMP'S DAY All about Donald Trump's inauguration as US president one year ago today BOOKIES 'TRUMPED' Paddy Power stung for £3.5MILLION as Trump shock victory leaves bookies out of pocket SILVER LINING? Pound rises against the dollar as Trump wins US election - how will this affect your finances? battleground USA Donald Trump's US presidential election win sparks riots by Hillary Clinton fans as fighting erupts outside the White House 
No.10 last today said the Prime Minister had written to Donald Trump to congratulate him personally. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson and Chancellor Philip Hammond also welcomed Mr Trump – who lent his support to Brexit campaigners earlier this Spring.
Mr Johnson said he said “much looking forward” to working with a man he ridiculed last year, when saying parts of New York were no-go zones as he might bump into him.
One senior Tory said: “It’s keep calm and carry on. We have to be pragmatic.”

AP6 Boris Johnson has also congratulated Mr Trump on his victory
As Labour heavyweights attacked Mr Trump, former Cabinet Minister Iain Duncan Smith urged the PM “make the most of this”.
He told the Sun: “We have a significant chance as we go forward to help frame the US’ thinking on NATO on free trade. It will be a relationship built around self-interest.
“We have just had a Brexit vote and most of the people who voted to leave are the same people who voted for Trump.
“He needs to deliver for them just as Theresa needs to deliver for the British people.”
PA6 Nigel Farage can barely contain his joy as Donald Trump was swept to the White House
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said the stunning Election result was an “unmistakable rejection of a political establishment and economic system” that no longer works for most people.
And Mr Trump’s incredible success sent shockwaves around the world.
Stock markets dived early on in a ‘Trump Dump’ before recovering on the 70 year-old’s vow to “bind the wounds” of the American nation.
But Cuba reacted to the shock result by announcing 5 days of pre-scheduled military exercises to prepare for “potential enemy action”.

Economic experts warned Donald Trump’s stunning victory could even trigger World War III by unleashing a new damaging era of protectionism.
Douglas McWilliams, head of the Centre for Economics and Business Research said: “International relations will be more fraught and there is always the risk that a President who combines inexperience and volatility will miscalculate.
“Worst case is WW3!” Russian President Vladimir Putin said he hoped the victory would allow Moscow to restore good relations with the US. In a barb at Barack Obama he said: “It is not our fault that Russian American relations are in such a state.”
Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev said he believed Russian-American relations could get “significantly better”.
In Brussels, Euro chiefs Jean Claude Juncker and Donald Tusk issued a joint statement saying both sides “should consolidate the bridges we have been building across the Atlantic”.
But terrified European leaders reacted to the shock result by warning the populist tsunami could wreak havoc in next year’s French and German Elections. Front National founder Jean Marie Le Pen said: “Today United States, tomorrow France. Bravo!”
Getty Images6 Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon also sent a message of congratulations
German Chancellor Angela Merkel offered mealy-mouthed congratulations – saying she offered “close cooperation” with Donald Trump.
But she added the US election campaign featured “confrontations that were difficult to bear”.
Chinese President Xi Jinping said he looked forward to working with President Trump in a “constructive” way. He told state broadcaster CCTV that the two biggest economies in the world shouldered a “special and important responsibility in upholding world peace”.
PA6 Nigel Farage can barely contain his joy as Donald Trump was swept to the White House
Israel’s Premier Benjamin Netanyahu called the President Elect a “true friend of the State of Israel”.
The Taliban called on Donald Trump to withdraw all US forces from Afghanistan once he takes office as President. Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said a Trump administration “should allow Afghans to become a free nation”.
In tiny Slovenia, the residents of Melania Trump’s home town of Sevnica urged the couple to pay a visit. The First Lady’s childhood neighbour Mirjana Jelancic said she was happy for her long-term pal. She said: “It was part of her dreams and we are happy if she succeeds.”

