As US Presidential election is closest ever, neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton can end the slump
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2125749/as-us-presidential-election-is-closest-ever-neither-donald-trump-nor-hillary-clinton-can-end-the-slump/
6th November 2016, 3:03 am
HILLARY CLINTON’S poll lead would be as ­towering as one of Donald Trump’s skyscraper hotels if Europe could help choose ­America’s president.
While 59 per cent of ­Europeans have confidence in Democrat ­Hillary, only nine per cent think the same of Republican Donald.
AP7 Both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have major flaws and electorate knows it
So why is Tuesday’s election so close? The answer may lie in Mr Trump’s “Make ­America Great Again” slogan.
Three-quarters of Americans don’t think their country is as great as it was or that it has ever been great.
You can understand why. The bloody three-trillion ­dollar war in Iraq suggested there wasn’t much super in American ­superpower.
Reuters7 Hillary Clinton greets the crowd at a campaign rally in the rain in Pembroke Pines
RELATED STORIESGAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack ME-OUCH Cat owner's face swelled & she ended up in hospital after scratch caused reaction SISTER'S DESPAIR I believe she's dead, says sister of missing Costa del Sol waitress SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk HIT THEM WHERE IT HURTS Spy chief reveals hidden targets US can use to erase Iran threat BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested WHO'S THE VLADDY? Vladimir Putin's rumoured lover 'gives birth to twins in VIP clinic' SUR-PRIZE Nobel Prize-winning doctor Willem Einthoven is honoured in today's Google Doodle REIGN OF TERROR Monster couple forced autistic woman, 22, to EAT dead mum's ashes 
Wall Street’s biggest banks triggered the global crash.
Then there are the millions of working-class Americans who blame stagnant wages on China’s boom and other rising ­economies that don’t just produce cheap Trump baseball caps but more affordable cars and computers, too.
That fabled rags-to-riches “American dream” seems to be sleeping.
Americans are now less optimistic than Brits — and we are hardly overflowing with optimism.
It’s a huge contrast with eight years ago when Barack Obama was elected and ­African Americans were especially hopeful.
Reuters7 Trump has run a campaign under the slogan 'Make America Great Again'
In the biggest US cities the murder rate is shooting up as relations between the police and black citizens break down. In Mr Obama’s home town of Chicago, 17 homicides occurred just last weekend.
In another sign of ­America’s tragic relationship with guns, there have been more than 600 deaths in that city this year.
With two-thirds of Americans worrying the US is going in the wrong direction, the woman who has been at the centre of politics for a quarter of a century was a risky choice as Democratic candidate.
She supported the loose immigration and trade policies that many blame for US job insecurity.
She also voted for the Iraq War and laxer regulation of Wall Street. Many spy a connection between her political priorities and the whopping £122million the Clintons have collected from paid speeches to bankers and other rich clients.
AP:Associated Press7 Beyonce and Jay Z are just two of many high-profile Hillary supporters
And a record of looking after the rich is not the worst ­baggage she and husband Bill carry. Mrs Clinton’s attacks on Trump for his mistreatment of women would have more moral authority if she hadn’t attacked the women sexually harassed by her ­husband.
Then there are the emails she moved from a confidential government ­computer system to a personal server that America’s enemies could — and did — hack.
When the election becomes “Under investigation by the FBI” versus “Make America Great Again” it’s no surprise she is in some trouble.
The man who mocks the disabled and pours petrol on racial tensions is not any better, of course.
And Mr Trump’s career in business doesn’t suggest he’s capable of even making hotels great, let alone America.

Only this week the 65-storey Trump Tower in Toronto went bust.
Mr Trump, who is dangerously close to Vladimir Putin, clearly likes ­Russians.
He launched his Toronto project with a Russian tycoon but Alex Shnaider is not the first to lose money in a Trump venture. Trump Airlines, Trump Vodka, Trump University and many other Trump-labelled businesses have crashed, burning people much poorer than the man ­himself.
The whole world suffers if America’s next presidency goes belly up because, shamefully, other democracies invest so little in defence and security. The US is the globe’s only policeman.
Reuters7 Clinton has been under huge scrutiny over email scandals
During Barack Obama’s withdrawal from the world, we’ve seen IS rise and Russia invade Ukraine because Putin calculated nothing happens when you cross red lines drawn by President Obama.
China also noticed US weakness with its daily cyber attacks on Western businesses, which might one day completely destroy a major institution.
Mr Trump’s overall desire is to put “America first” — a slogan used in the 1930s by Nazi-appeasers to keep the US out of World War Two.
If a President Trump went ahead with threats to tax Chinese goods and build a wall across the Mexican border, we would see a freeze in global economic relations that would make everyone poorer.

Unlike Trump, Mrs Clinton would be “more of the same”. She knows she lost to Obama in 2008 because he opposed George W Bush’s wars on terror and she did not.
To avoid being a one-term president, she will need to win her party’s ­renomination and it is moving Left as very liberal younger Democrats replace moderate older party supporters who are, quite literally, dying out.
Alamy7 Trump holds aloft a baby in campaign clothing
America’s “millennial” generation is scarred by conflict in Iraq and Afghanistan and doesn’t believe in the good the world’s richest, most technically advanced military has done and must do again.
It all adds up to a grave moment. Three presidencies in a row have now failed.
Bill Clinton’s years saw little done while al-Qaeda, the Taliban and Islamic extremism grow in strength.
Bush’s years produced Iraq and the financial crash. ­History will ­remember Obama for Syria’s civil war, Putin’s invasions and an ­Iranian resurgence. American power and ­status isn’t the only thing at stake on Tuesday. The democratic model we take for granted is in peril.
AP:Associated Press7 Trump's wife Melania has even taken flak throughout her hubby's campaign
More people are buying into the dangerously seductive idea that ­parliaments, elections and politicians generally are making the West weak.
People wonder if, as ­Western ­electorates, we are capable of voting for actions necessary for long-term ­success, such as building airports, global trading systems and reducing the national debt. Many fear we only care about our own pensions, ­benefits and tax rates when we vote.

“Ask not what your country can do for you. Ask what you can do for your country” was John F Kennedy’s message to America half a century ago.
In our individualistic age, few of us ask ourselves what is necessary to make America or any nation great.
And sadly, neither do Mrs Clinton or Mr Trump.
— Tim Montgomerie is a columnist for The Times.

