Super-slimmer flaunts weight loss by posing with her GIANT old knickers after losing 20 inches from her hips following gruelling Joe Wicks workouts
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/2094528/weight-loss-joe-wicks-workouts/
1st November 2016, 4:53 pm
A SCOTTISH super slimmer has flaunted her huge seven stone weight loss by hanging her enormous size 32 knickers out of the line.
Ruth Webster used to fold her gigantic pants before putting them out to dry because she was ashamed and didn’t want her neighbours to see.
Caters News Agency5 Ruth Webster and her toyboy partner Martin Brown now both fit into her giant trousers
Caters News Agency5 She's a big fan of Joe Wicks' diet plans
The 46-year-old, who used to tip the scales at 26st, was diagnosed with a binge eating disorder last year – and shed her excess weight in just 10 months.
With the help of trainer Joe Wicks, a trainer who goes by The Body Coach and is the author of the Lean in 15 cook books, Ruth lost 7st in just 10 months.
The driving instructor’s hips have shrunk by 20 inches and, despite still wanting to lose more weight, she says her weight loss is proof Joe’s 90 Day SSS plan works.
Caters News Agency5 Ruth used to be too embarrassed to hang her huge pants out on the line
She said: "I can't believe that after all this time I finally feel confident enough to hang my knickers out on the line.
"I've always struggled with my weight since my early 20s. I would eat normally throughout the day around other people, but as soon as I got home behind closed doors I couldn't stop myself.
"It was like I was compelled to eat. I would eat huge takeaways followed by crisps, chocolate, cake, the lot, until the point where I was even sick sometimes.
"But after starting my diet plan last year and exercising regularly I finally started to shift the weight for good.
"I only realised how much weight I'd lost after holding the old pair of pants up next to my new ones, I just couldn't believe the difference. It was amazing.
"I still have a long way to go yet but I'm so happy with how far I've come, I'll never be embarrassed to hang my knickers out again."
Caters News Agency5 Ruth used to tip the scales at 26st
Ruth was never overweight as a child and was an avid dancer until she ruptured her Achilles heel 23 years ago, leaving her in a full leg cast for three months.
Ruth was advised not to dance again and her dreams were crushed, so she turned to comfort eating.
Ruth, who now weighs 19st, still wants to lose another 8st, but says her new undies are keeping her motivated.
She added: "Over the years I got heavier and heavier without really realising.
"It got to the point where I couldn't even sleep until I'd eaten huge amounts.
"I started trying different diets but nothing worked and I'd always ended up piling the pounds back on.
"I think the main problem for me was most diets make you starve yourself and they're just not sustainable which meant I was on a destructive cycle.
"My life has completely changed though over the past 10 months it's unbelievable.
"I sleep better, feel better, move easily, can run, jump, my skin glows, my nails are strong and I now have a love for life that I had lost."
Related StoriesExclusiveslim sam is superfan Joe Wicks reveals all about his new TV show and his secret fan Sam Smith who loves hunky coach's tips ExclusiveLIVE THE LEAN DREAM Top fitness guru Joe Wicks shares his healthy eating plan and health secrets SHOWING US THE ROPES Body coach Joe Wicks shares his HIIT leg workout and how to serve up quick and tasty meals NEXT YEAR'S LOOKING ROSIE Joe Wicks' glamour model girlfriend Rosie Jones lifts lid on eye-popping 2017 calendar ExclusiveSo Juicy! Joe Wicks and his impressive abs are covered in mayonnaise by Keith Lemon and Anastacia on Celebrity Juice 
Caters News Agency5 Ruth still wants to lose another 8st... with the help of Lean in 15
Before, Ruth would eat takeaways five nights a week and was devastated by the news she couldn’t have kids with her partner Martin Brown, 32.
She said: "I always wanted children but because of my weight I was unable to.
"I want to warn others to do something now before it's too late.
"I always told myself there was tomorrow and now there's nothing I can do about it.
"I can't thank Martin enough for standing by me though and for being so supportive.
"He's been an integral part of my recovery as he has never ever judged me but has shown me nothing but patience, love and understanding.
"I nearly gave up and thought I was destined to be fat which left me depressed, but one day I started following Joe Wicks and he made me laugh.
What Ruth EatsDIET BEFORE:
Breakfast: Toast smothered in jam
Lunch: Big bowl  of pasta
Snack: Chocolate bar
Dinner: Chinese takeaway with chips, rice and prawn crackers
Snack: Packet of crisps, sweets and sometimes cake
DIET NOW:
Wake up: Pint of ice cold water and a green tea
Breakfast: Smoked Salmon, eggs, feta and spinach
Snack: Protein shake
Lunch: Sirloin steak and veg. Or chicken and avocado salad
Snack: Apple slices with peanut butter
Dinner: Chicken and veg wrap
Dessert: Protein pancakes.


"I'd watch every day what he was eating and couldn't believe how great he looked.
"I saw his transformation pictures and to begin with I thought they were fake, I couldn't believe it when I found out they were real.
"It hasn't always been easy but it's been so worth it, I now train four times a week with weights and do high intensity interval training.
"I still get to eat decent sized portions, I never go hungry, the food is so tasty and it's all so healthy.
"If Joe can do it and I can, then you can too, I've met so many lovely people along the way all wanting to achieve the same thing.
"I can't wait to see the results again this time next year, I wonder what size my knickers will be then!"
Body Coach Joe said: "I absolutely love seeing Ruth make progress with my 90 day plan.
"I was lucky enough to meet her on my book tour and was truly inspired by her story. Keep going Ruth, you winner."

