Man Utd set to make late transfer bid for 16-year-old Monaco midfielder Hannibal Mejbri
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/8323454/manchetser-united-hannibal-mejbri-monaco/
31st January 2019, 2:19 pm
MANCHESTER UNITED could be about to make their first signing of the January transfer window as they look to nab Monaco starlet Hannibal Mejbri.
Both Arsenal and Liverpool are believed to have missed out on the midfielder's signature before he was snapped up by the Ligue 1 club in 2017.
Getty - Contributor2 Monaco youngster Hannibal Mejbri is attracting the interest of Manchester United
And he could now be on the move again with reports claiming he is seeking a switch to the Premier League.
According to RMC Sport, the Red Devils have been monitoring Mejbri's progress at Monaco, and have been in talks for days.
It is believed that United have put in a bid for the French youth international, but the offer was knocked back by Leonardo Jardim's side.
The report also claims that Mejbri subsequently submitted a transfer request in an attempt to force through a move to Old Trafford.
PA:Press Association2 Ole Gunnar Solskjaer could make Mejbri his first signing in charge of United
LATEST MAN UTD NEWSLive BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal Exclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld PARTEY TIME? Utd and Arsenal boost as Atletico's Partey refuses to rule out transfer 
While one player is potentially arriving at the Theatre of Dreams another is on the way out, as Marouane Fellaini closes in on a deal to sign for Chinese Super League club Shandong Luneng.
The 31-year-old - who has won the FA Cup, League Cup and the Europa League with United - will reportedly earn £365,000-a-week in the Far East.
Anthony Martial has penned a new five-year deal at United, which could encourage David De Gea and Marcus Rashford to sign on.
England international Rashford is attracting the interest of Real Madrid, who are willing to fork out £100million for his services.
Man Utd 2-2 Burnley - Pogba and Lindelof lead last-gasp fightback as Solskjaer avoids first loss as Old Trafford boss

