Woman persuades her 20 boyfriends to each buy her an iPhone 7 – then cashes them in and buys a HOUSE
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/worldnews/2078675/woman-persuades-her-20-boyfriends-to-each-buy-her-an-iphone-7-then-cashes-them-in-and-buys-a-house/
30th October 2016, 12:27 pm
A QUICK THINKING Chinese woman came up with a unique solution to her house buying problem when she asked each of her 20 boyfriends to purchase her an iPhone 7 - which she traded in to buy her first home. 
Chinese social media has been buzzing with the story of the the woman dubbed 'Xiaoli' with many people praising her ingenuity.
EPA2 A Chinese woman got £700 per handset for each of her iPhone 7's
Xiaoli, which is not her real name, lives in the city of Shenzhen in southern China and after becoming concerned about China's house rising prices took matters into her own hands.
She asked each of her 20 fellas to buy her the brand new iPhone 7 which was only launched last month.
After receiving all of the hi-tech handsets she went to a mobile phone recycling site called Hui Shou Bao where she racked up £700 for each phone and amassed a fortune of £14,000 within seconds.
The woman then fulfilled her dream of buying a house in the countryside using the cash from the phones to put down a deposit on her first home.


A hashtag which translates as '20 mobiles for a house' quickly began to circulate on Chinese social media website Weibo, and became the country's top trend. It has now been used in excess of 13million times.
One user posted: "I can't even find one boyfriend. She can actually find 20 boyfriends at the same time and even get them to buy her an iPhone 7. Just want to ask her to teach me such skills."
Another, 'TST' praised her enterprising nature, saying that she has "a bright future."
But others haven't been so complimentary.
EPA2 The woman has been widely praised for her actions on Chinese social media
'Little Bee' wrote that Xiaoli was "the most shameless person."
The story of the remarkable swap was revealed in a Chinese blog published by a person writing under the pseudonym 'Proud Qiaoba'.
related articlesCORE BLIMEY Four things we LOVE about the iPhone 7 and one we HATE iPHONE 7 - the first review We get an exclusive early look at the new iPhone and its controversial new AirPod headphones Something's fishy It looks like a normal three-bed house... but you won't believe the secret this £275k property is hiding THAT'S RUBBISH Hundreds of residents drag wheelie bins a MILE from their homes after council claims collection is too costly PROPERTY HOTSPOTS How living near the M25 has pushed up house prices by 551 per cent over the last 30 years 
Proud Qiaoba wrote in the blog post that when Xiaoli showed her new house to their group of friends, they were all very surprised when she revealed how she had managed to obtain the money for the deposit.
The mystery blogger wrote that Xiaoli "is not from a wealthy family. Her mum is a housewife and her dad is a migrant worker, and she is the oldest daughter. Her parents are getting old and she might be under a lot pressure hoping to buy them a house... But it's still unbelievable that she could use this method!"
Last month The Sun revealed how savvy mobile users planning on buying the new iPhone 7 could get up to £320 by recycling their handsets.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 

