Wolves want to speak to Sam Allardyce about taking over following the sacking of Walter Zenga
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/2054690/wolves-want-to-speak-to-sam-allardyce-about-taking-over-following-the-sacking-of-walter-zenga/
26th October 2016, 5:04 pm
SAM ALLARDYCE could be offered a route back into football with Championship side Wolves, SunSport understands.
The West Midlands club are searching for a new manager following the sacking of Walter Zenga.
News Group Newspapers Ltd7 Allardyce left his dream England job after just 67 days
Wolves are 18th in the Championship and Allardyce who has been out of work since his departure as England boss in September following a newspaper sting last month is favourite to try to drag them up the table.
Allardyce was recorded offering advice to undercover reporters about how to dodge FA third-party ownership rules.
7 Allardyce discussing FA Third Part rules with undercover reporters
The former Sunderland boss has also been linked with a return to The Stadium of Light to replace under pressure David Moyes who is still searching for his first win as Black Cats boss.
Reuters7 David Moyes under severe pressure at Sunderland
PA:Press Association7 Allardyce at Old Trafford with Sir Alex Ferguson as Man Utd beat Fenerbahce in the Europa League
Allardyce, 62 is a West Midlands native born in Dudley and was immediately installed by the bookies as a front runner for the Molineux vacancy.

related storiesWalter way to go Wolves sack manager Walter Zenga after six defeats in his first 14 matches cam back Manchester United set to recall Cameron Borthwick-Jackson from Wolves loan after lack of game time FED TO WOLVES Wolverhampton Wanderers sold for £45million as Chinese investors move into Molineux INCE PERFECT FOR WOLVES Paul Ince tops Wolves wishlist to replace axed Walter Zenga after fourth loss in five games Great Wolves of China Championship club sign English football's first ever exclusive Chinese live TV deal 
Wolves, owned by Chinese moneybags Fosun International who bought the club in July for £30m are keen for an instant return on their investment.
Getty Images7 Zenga managed just four wins in his 18 games in charge at the Molinuex
That means promotion back the Premier League this season and the huge cash windfall that comes with top flight football.
Wolves Director Jeff Shi would like to speak to Allardyce about the job and his ambitious future plans.
PA:Press Association Archive7 Allardyce lead West ham to Premier League promotion in 2012
Super agent Jorge Mendes is also a powerful figure at Wolves and is also adamant a boss of Alladyce's calibre is vital for the club in the short term.
Wolves are looking for a return to the Premier League for the first time since 2012.
News Group Newspapers Ltd7 Super Agent Jorge Mendes with Guo Guangchang Chairman of Fosun International and owner of Wolves
Allardyce has led Bolton and West Ham into the Premier League and is known for making an immediate impact upon his arrival at a new club.
 
 

