West Brom 1 Tottenham 1: Dele Alli nips in at last gasp to earn Spurs deserved point
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/1983069/west-brom-1-tottenham-1-dele-alli-nips-in-at-last-gasp-to-earn-spurs-well-deserved-point/
15th October 2016, 5:07 pm
NACER CHADLI thought he broken his old team's hearts with the 82nd minute winner.
But England's Dele Alli came up with a last gasp equaliser to preserve Tottenham's unbeaten Premier League record.
Getty Images5
Tottenham's acrobatic Dele Alli attempts to beat Ben Foster
Chadli made 119 appearances for Tottenham before his £13million move in August and his fourth WBA goal looked to have floored Spurs.
His strike, a rebound effort after James McClean had hit a post,  came very much against the run of play.
But Alli ensured justice was done. After substitute Son's shot was blocked, Alli prodded the ball home with the outside of his boot.
Only a series of fine saves by Ben Foster kept West Bromwich alive in the first half.

Keep up to date with ALL the Tottenham Hotspur news, gossip, transfers and goals on our club page plus fixtures, results and live match commentary by clicking HERE

The former England keeper excelled in finger-tipping away Christian Eriksen's 43rd drive, having just denied Delle Alli with a great low stop.
He also dived to his left to keep Ben Davies at bay.
West Brom rarely threatened, earning their first corner after 51 minutes. From this Gareth McAuley had more time than he thought to pick his spot and ended up scuffing his shot.
 
Related StoriesExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates Live BlogBLUES NEWS Keep up to date with all the ins and outs from Stamford Bridge Live BlogALL THE GOSS All the latest updates from every club as the transfer window opens Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul 
Tottenham defender Toby Alderweireld fell to the floor clutching his knee after colliding with team mate Jan Vertonghen and was stretchered off to be replaced by Eric Dier in the 59th minute.

Getty Images5 Unlucky Toby Alderweireld is stretched off injured
 
Reuters5 Hugo Lloris denies WBA striker Salomon Rondon

 STATS, FACTS, GOALS & LOLS

Some Spurs fans have taken to wearing Espanol’s blue and white shirt in tribute to Mauricio Pochettino and his old club.
Or could it just be they didn’t fancy Spurs’ dreary away kit – think horribly over-boiled egg yolk!
Nacer Chadli was easily the most popular player on show. Spurs players were queuing up to back-slap and hug their old pal, while West Brom fans love him because he loves to go forward!
West Brom had a VIP guest in their directors’ box today – THEIR OWNER. It was the first time the Chinese supremo Guochuan Lai had seen his team play since his takeover was confirmed. No pressure there then lads!

Getty Images5 Christian Eriksen vies with his ex-Spurs team Nacer Chadli

With just short of half an hour on the clock the stats told their own story. West Brom had managed 60 passes ….. Spurs a rather more impressive 200.
Who needs stats when your stopper is in form? Ben Foster produced a first half masterclass to keep his side in the game - to Dele Alli’s utter frustration and bewilderment, at times.
James McClean rode his luck a little with a scything scissors kick on Ben Davies which earned him a booking just on half time.
 Jan Vertonghen repaid the ‘favour,’ just after half-time as Spurs’ love-in with their former teammate Chadli was abruptly halted, with what can politely be described as a whack to his nether regions!
Mauricio Pochettino was handed a scare ahead of Tuesday’s Champions’ League trip to Bayer Leverkusen after key defender Toby Alderweireld landed awkwardly and had to be stretchered off.
There was a deserved ovation when Chris Brunt ended his eight month injury hell to make his first appearance since rupturing his ACL against Crystal Palace on February 27.

BIG PICTURE
5
 
SOCIAL SAYS
59 - @AlderweireldTob's name is sung by the away fans next to where he was injured as he's stretchered off. @ericdier takes his place.— Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) October 15, 2016


Next five games
WEST BROMWICH
Oct 22 Liverpool (A) PL
Oct 29 Man City (H) PL
Nov 6 Leicester (A) PL
Nov 21 Burnley (H) PL
Nov 26 Hull (A) PL
TOTTENHAM
Oct 18 Bayer Leverkusen (A) CL
Oct 22 Bournemouth (A) PL
Oct 25 Liverpool (A) EFLC
Oct 29 Leicester (H) PL
Nov 2 Bayer Leverkusen (H) CL

DREAM TEAM RATINGS
West Brom (4-2-3-1): Foster 7; Dawson 6, McAuley 7, Evans 6,  Nyom 6; Fletcher 6, Yacob 7; Phillips 6(Brunt, 69, 6), Chadli 7 (Gardner, 88, 6), McClean 7; Rondon 6.
Subs not used: Olsson, Ronson-Kanu, Morison, Myhill, Leko
Tottenham (4-1-4-1): Lloris 7; Walker 6, Vertonghen 7, Alderweireld 6 (Dier, 60, 6), Walker 6; Wanyama 7: Sissoko 6 (Dembele, 65, 6), Eriksen 7, Alli 8,  Lamela 7 (Son Heung-min, 72, 6); Janssen 6.
Subs not used:  Vorm, Nkoudou, Dier, Trippier, Onomah
STAR MAN: Dele Alli 8

