Aston Villa appoint Steve Bruce as former Birmingham City boss joins struggling Claret and Blues
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/1960229/aston-villa-appoint-steve-bruce-as-former-birmingham-city-boss-joins-struggling-claret-and-blues/
12th October 2016, 4:23 pm
STEVE BRUCE has been appointed Aston Villa boss.
However there will be no dream team at Villa Park as Steve Clarke will not be staying at the club as Bruce’s No.2 - instead he will raid former club Hull for Stephen Clemence.
PA:Press Association5 Steve Bruce has been named successor to Roberto Di Matteo at Aston Villa
PA:Press Association5 Villa chairman Dr Tony Xia has appointed Bruce despite having never met him
Opta5 Bruce's managerial record in league matches
Former Blues brothers Bruce and Clemence will now be in charge at Villa Park despite being players at city rivals Birmingham.
SunSport can reveal Villa caretaker boss Clarke parted company this afternoon after being informed he had missed out on the manager’s job.
Bruce accepted the Villa post after finalising a deal this afternoon, with an announcement expected shortly.
Villa’s Twitter-loving supremo Dr Tony Xia revealed last night he had ended his 10-day search to find a replacement for sacked boss Roberto Di Matteo
Xia had Tweeted: “Scheduled to announce the new manager tomorrow! Time for all to stand together and back the team! Believe we’ve made the best try! #UTV (Up the Villa)”
Despite leaving Villa fans hanging over who their new boss is, SunSport can reveal Bruce, 55, has become Villa’s SEVENTH manager since February 2015.
He is expected to meet up with Villa’s first-team-squad for the first time tomorrow.
 
 
Related storiesBruce is Back Aston Villa set to appoint ex-Hull boss Steve Bruce as new manager as owner Tony Xia confirms decision nev says no Phil Neville rejects chance to become Aston Villa coach as he wants to focus on becoming a manager BRU IN THE QUEUE Steve Bruce is hangin' on the phone to see if he's landed a 'terrific job' as Aston Villa's new boss Brucey bonus Steve Bruce recruits Nigel Spink as part of management team to help him get Aston Villa job Spruced up Bruce Steve Bruce shows off incredible transformation whilst confirming he is in talks with Aston Villa 
Bruce succeeds Di Matteo at Villa Park with the Italian having been axed just 123 days into the job with Villa sat 19th in the Championship having won just once in their opening 11 games.
Bruce has clinched promotion out of England's second tier on four occasions and that will no doubt have featured prominently in Xia and CEO Keith Wyness' decision to hand the 55-year-old the reigns at Villa.
Chinese owner Xia has never met Bruce but tweeted yesterday to reveal that an appointment was close.
One reservation Xia has evidently swept aside was that fans make not take to Bruce given in six-year stint in charge of bitter rivals Birmingham.
Reuters5 Bruce, alongside son Alex, led Hull to promotion last season
PA:Press Association5 Some Villa afans will not easily forget his six years in charge of rivals Birmingham
 


Watch ALL the goals from the Premier League before anyone else for FREE plus all the latest news, fixtures and results and live match commentary all on the go with the new Sun Football App – click here to download



