From coconut oil to CHARCOAL and strawberries… 11 natural ways to whiten your teeth
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1945423/from-coconut-oil-to-charcoal-and-strawberries-11-natural-ways-to-whiten-your-teeth/
10th October 2016, 12:35 pm
IT is the stuff of our selfie dreams - a bright white smile.
There are toothpastes and mouthwashes, laser whitening treatments and special gels.
Getty Images5 A leading dentist has revealed a simple way of achieving the picture-perfect set of knashers – and they are all natural
All come with the promise of perfect pearly whites.
There are even photo editing apps that can, in one (or two) swipes brighten your smile.
But, a leading dentist has revealed a simple way of achieving the picture-perfect set of knashers - and they are all natural.
Dubbed the King of Smiles, Dr Richard Marques, of Wimpole Street Dental, shares his 11 top tips with The Sun Online.
1. BAKING SODA'S NOT JUST FOR BAKING
Baking soda is a natural teeth whitener, Dr Marques said, adding that it is included in a number of toothpastes.
He advises mixing a quarter of a teaspoon of baking soda with water, and applying it to your teeth with your toothbrush.
 
The whiter the foods you eat, the whiter your teeth will beDr Richard Marques, Wimpole Street Dental
Alternatively, you can add it to your cheap toothpaste.
Dr Marques said: "It will not damage your teeth in any way, but will make them look gradually whiter over time."
Baking soda is a natural cleaning and oxidising agent, he noted.
2. PICK UP A PUNNET
Strawberries have long be touted as a way of brightening and refreshing your smile.
And their secret lies in their acidity.
The berries are rich in malic acid, which is a natural cleanser, and can help whiten teeth.
However, they do also contain citric acid, which can weaken the enamel - the hard outer layer of the tooth - so  it is recommended that this remedy is used sparingly.
Experts say it is best to opt for really ripe strawberries, because as the fruit breaks down the concentration of malic acid increases, while citric acid decreases.
Getty Images5 Strawberries are rich in malic acid, which is a natural cleanser, and can help whiten teeth
3. USE SALT WATER AS A MOUTHWASH
While there are countless mouthwashes on offer, Dr Marques suggests a great solution could be on hand, in your kitchen cupboard.
"Warm salt water helps both whiten your teeth naturally and looks after your gums, as it's a natural antibacterial," he said.
He suggested mixing a teaspoon of salt in a cup of warm kettle boiled water, cooled down, to use as a mouthwash.
4. GO BEIGE
Though dietitians will shudder at the very thought of a beige diet, when it comes to your teeth there is an argument to eat a large proportion of white or beige foods.
Related Storiesthey're not all white! The 10 fastest ways to stain your teeth and how to avoid it Exclusive'MY FACE WAS RUINED!' Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace reveals shocking teeth after being tortured by cowboy dentist BEAUTY FIXES How to stop lipstick smudging on your teeth and 5 other beauty tips to improve your daily regime CUT YOUR FLOSSES As dentists now doubt that flossing does your teeth any good, we look at 8 alternatives Revealedroot of the problem These are the real and surprising reasons why we dream about our teeth falling out 
"The whiter the foods you eat, the whiter your teeth will be," said Dr Marques.
So by eating foods like chicken, fish and rice, you are limiting the number of food colourings in your diet.
Food colourings stain teeth by binding to the tooth surface.
The main culprits are pigmented foods like beetroot, blueberries, carrots and Chinese or Indian takeaways, which are rich in tumeric and other food colourings.
That said, it is vital to eat a balanced diet, including at least five portions of fruit and veg a day, so perhaps just bear in mind that bright, colourful foods are likely to stain your teeth and eat them in moderation, or brush your teeth soon after enjoying them.
Getty Images5 Like strawberries they are high in malic acid, and so are great at being a natural tooth cleanser
5. AN APPLE-A-DAY KEEPS STAINS AT BAY
An apple-a-day keeps the doctor away - or so the old saying goes.
But, according to Dr Marques, the fruit can help keep your dentist happy too.
Like strawberries they are high in malic acid, and so are great at being a natural tooth cleanser.
6. OPT FOR WHITE OVER RED
It's not only the food we eat but the drinks we drink too that can stain our knashers.
On a basic level, choose white wine instead of red.
But, Dr Marques said it is also beneficial to drink lots of water and milk.
Calcium in milk can help to strengthen the tooth enamel and struture, as well as your jaw bone, he said.
And water is a natural cleanser, so helps to wash away plaque.
7. GO ELECTRIC
Dr Marques is clear - by investing in an electric toothbrush you are investing in you smile.
"Electric toothbrushes can remove up to 70 per cent more plaque than manual brushes alone," he said.
He suggests trying the new Sonicare Black Diamond brush, which vibrates at a speed of 31,000 brush strokes per minute, and also has a whitening mode to remove stains.
Getty Images5 When it comes to pearly whites, what you drink is as important as what you eat. When it comes to a glass of vino, opt for white over red to limit stains
8. CHEESY GRIN
Cheese may not sound like the obvious choice, but it is another food that is a natural cleanser.
And, an added bonus is the fact it's high in calcium too - helping to boost the outer surface while cleansing it too.
Your best bet is a hard cheese, like cheddar, Dr Marques suggested.
9. RINSE WITH... OIL
It may sound like a sure fire way to end up gagging, but rinsing your mouth out with a tablespoon of coconut oil can help whitening your smile.
Dr Marques said it's best to swill it around for as long as possible, but anything over 15 minutes is ideal.
"This removes bacteria and helps prevent plaque and stains from sticking to teeth by lubricating them," he explained.
10. VISIT YOUR DENTIST
There is no getting away from it - fear of the dentist or not, have regular check ups is vital.
Dr Marques said regularly having your teeth cleaned and checked by a professional is important, adding only a dentist can check thoroughly for cavities.
X-rays may also be required to check the inside of your teeth, and your jaw.
Getty Images5 Yep, sounds crazy, but you read it right. Charcoal is also another effective way to “help clean and whiten your teeth”, Dr Marques said
And dentists are able to advise as to whether laser teeth whitening, using hydrogen peroxide activated by a laser light to remove stains within an hour, may be beneficial.
11. CHARCOAL... YES YOU READ RIGHT
Yep, sounds crazy, but you read it right.
Charcoal is also another effective way to "help clean and whiten your teeth", Dr Marques said.
But, before you go raiding the fire place or remnants of the BBQ, he added it's best to rely on a toothpaste that contains charcoal.
"A 100 per cent natural tooth polish made from activated coconut shell charcoal strengthens the gums, removes toxins from the mouth and absorbs bacteria and is affordable," he said.
He suggests trying Diamond Whites.

