Football fans would rather watch the English Premier League than China’s sub-standard fare
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/1912949/football-fans-would-rather-watch-the-english-premier-league-than-chinas-sub-standard-fare/
5th October 2016, 1:16 am
CHINA has been heralded as the next global football superpower, a country that can win the World Cup in the next 22 years.
But the Land of the Dragon is currently experiencing serious problems — with jealousy between its homegrown footballers and the vastly overpaid millionaire mercenaries who have flocked to the Chinese Super League.
Getty Images7
Sven Goran Eriksson manages Chinese top league team SIPG - but has failed to garner the attention senior officials had hoped
And this curious drama is being played out in front of half-empty stadiums.
Even the  fans who do bother turning up would rather be watching the Premier League.
I travelled to the People’s Republic and discovered:

Chinese players unhappy they earn up to FIFTEEN times less than foreign team-mates and are not treated equally
A feeling among coaches and foreign players that Chinese  footballers do not have the work ethic to become top players
Ticket touts struggling to flog seats at a fraction of  face value
The standard of football on a par with League One — at best
Sports bars jam-packed for Premier League matches

So it is no wonder rich Chinese businessmen are snapping up English clubs rather than ones back home
In Shanghai — China’s biggest city with a population of 24million — Sven-Goran Eriksson’s SIPG averaged just 29,779 fans, meaning their 56,842-seater  stadium is 47 per cent EMPTY.
Not helped by a running track around the pitch and policed by stewards wearing military-style clobber, the atmosphere for their game against Beijing Guoan was largely non-existent.
Getty Images7
Hulk is believed to be earning £320,000 a week plying his trade in China, but has been described as "lazy" by many pundits there
Brazilian superstar Hulk cost SIPG £46.2million and picks up a staggering £320,000-a-week — around 15 times more than his Chinese team-mates.
But some fans are seriously unimpressed.
Dublin-born school teacher Dave Hunter, who lives in the city and was at the match, summed it up best.
He told me: “I’ve been watching Hulk and he looks heavy, tired and unfit. He’s just walking around the pitch, not doing a lot.”
Yet even strolling about doing little was enough for the Samba star to score twice in a 2-2 draw.
The gulf in quality between the permitted five foreign imports and six Chinese players in each team was embarrassing.
One foreign player, who asked to remain anonymous,  told me: “The Chinese players are lazy and have a poor work ethic.
“They want to be as famous and well paid as the big stars but don’t want to work.”
 
Related Storieskeep the faith 'Being a Muslim is more important than anything, if I play crap it's not the end of the world' says Arsenal's £35million star Shkodran Mustafi I'LL GET MOUR Manchester United's Jose Mourinho says he can get Anthony Martial firing again Rooney regrets England skipper Wayne Rooney admits it was shame Sam Allardyce has lost his job I do as i'm told Wayne Rooney hits back at England critics and insists: I play where I am told to, not where I want 'WHAT HAVE I DONE WRONG?' Michael Keane reveals moment of dread ahead of discovering his England call-up ExclusiveTHEATRE OF SCREAMS Manchester United kids fear upsetting Zlatan Ibrahimovic at club's mickey-taking Christmas panto BRAD ALL OVER Bob Bradley says his appointment as Swansea manager is 'special day for American football' 
The communist regime that has ruled this land since 1949 may not yet have produced the culture and qualities to allow top-class football to thrive.
As well as the allegations of laziness and jealousy,  there is also a lack of team spirit at games —  surely  not helped by the segregation between the  Chinese and foreign imports.
SIPG boss Eriksson and Brazil superstar Hulk, for example, have put Chinese noses out of joint by not staying with them at their team hotel.
The club requires all Chinese players and coaching staff to board at the Regal International East Asia Hotel in Shanghai ahead of home matches and away trips.
But I discovered on a visit to the hotel that £4m-a-year Eriksson, Hulk and their other three non-Asian imports were exempt from the rule.
News Group Newspapers Ltd7
Alex Teixeira is another who has moved to play in the Chinese League - yet has failed to be called up by Brazil after doing so

And an SIPG employee told me: “Sven and the foreigners prefer to stay in their luxury apartments.
“It upsets the Chinese players because they think, ‘Why is it one rule for them and one rule for us?’
“But Sven lets them get away with it. Already some players aren’t happy because they’re not earning anywhere near as much.”
Foreign players in China are treated like kings.
Each of them is guaranteed a chauffeur-driven car, put up in a plush space-age city centre apartment and have someone at their beck and call 24 hours a day.
Chinese football expert Lu Win said: “They only have to click their fingers and people will run around for them.
“If Hulk says he’d like to look at some Harley-Davidsons to buy, there will be a whole fleet of them outside his home in less than a couple of hours.”
Culturally, this is a country that can be a shock to visitors.
News Group Newspapers Ltd7
And ex-Chelsea man Ramires took the decision to move over to play in the Far East
On the streets you see and hear people clearing their throats from the pollution by spitting in the street.
English defender Jack Sealy, 29, who plays in the north of the country for Changchun Yatai, believes it can be difficult for the Wags of foreign stars.
He said: “It certainly can take some getting used to. I sense it can be boring for the wives and girlfriends. They sit around all day waiting for their husbands to come home and lead a lonely lifestyle. It can’t be much fun.”
One tout in Shanghai told me he was struggling to shift an £18 SIPG ticket for less than a tenner.

AP:Associated Press7 Xi Jinping has said that he believes China can win the World Cup by the year 2028
He said: “People in China love football but the game here isn’t good enough to really get people to the stadiums.”
But they certainly flock to the Camel Sports Bar in Shanghai to watch Prem stars in action.
For the Manchester derby the boozer was packed to the rafters.
And it was clear to see United are the biggest English club in China with the amount of red shirts on display.
United fan and China Reds member Youki Bao said: “Man U have conquered football hearts here. City are way behind.
“Chelsea, Arsenal and probably Liverpool are the other big English teams in China.”
And it is the Premier League’s pulling power that is inspiring so many billionaires out here to want to buy English clubs.
Chinese football expert Shao Jin said: “The Premier League is the most popular sport brand in China.
“Although the Super League is hoping to one day be as big, a lot of business people here see instant possibilities and success in buying English teams.
Getty Images7
And former Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini has decided to take up a management position in China
“Over here so much work needs to be done to grow Chinese football but in England, it’s engrained in your culture.
“Chinese businessmen see England as a far safer and a faster financially rewarding investment.
“Also because of the popularity of the Premier League in China, there is a lot of prestige in owning an English club.”
It is true Chinese clubs have the financial muscle to buy any player on the planet.
But the simple truth is that A-listers like Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo will not consider playing here until they are past their sell by date.

Reuters7 Hulk signed for Shanghai SIPG in July
Alex Teixeira, Ramires and Hulk are big names but none of them have played a single minute for Brazil since setting foot in China.
President Xi Jinping wants China to win the World Cup by 2038.
But for all the millions of pounds spent on youth development, on impressive complexes and on foreign coaches, I did not once  see  kids in parks kicking a ball about with jumpers  for goalposts.
And until you see that, his ambition is surely a pipe dream.
Tweet @justinallen1976

Watch ALL the goals from the Premier League before anyone else for FREE plus all the latest news, fixtures and results and live match commentary all on the go with the new Sun Football App – click here to download



