Bright blue skies await you when you visit the volcanic landscape of Lanzarote
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1894424/bright-blue-skies-await-you-when-you-visit-the-volcanic-landscape-of-lanzarote/
2nd October 2016, 1:20 am
WITH a palette of blacks, browns and greens, Lanzarote’s dramatic landscapes can make you feel like you are trapped in a bizarre dream.
Or the imagination of a colourblind painter.
Getty Images7 Nice View...local beach
But a flash of bright blue — courtesy of the skies above the island and the waves that lap at its 121 miles of coastline — brings you back to reality.
One of the larger Canary Islands, Lanzarote is only 77 miles from the Sahara desert.
It has average temperatures of 21C and just 20 days of rain a year.
Lanzarote’s famous black sands are a reminder of its volcanic origin.
The island rose from the sea millions of years ago.
Getty Images7 Raquel Welch's One Million Years B.C. was filmed on the island
But it is not only geological nerds who will get excited by the island — it has plenty of pop ­culture, too.
The Raquel Welch vs dinosaur campfest One Million Years B.C. was shot here, as were The Stone Roses’ Fools Gold and I Wanna Be Adored videos.
The Green Lagoon — acidic seawater trapped behind a bank of jet-black sand — is a sight to behold.
And a totally alien landscape compared with its neighbour, the fishing village of El Golfo with its picturesque white houses.
Alamy7 Strange Lanz...Timanfaya's volcanic attraction
An afternoon quad-biking is another way to experience the island’s nature close up.
And get a thorough covering of nature’s bronzer — dust.
We stayed at the 4H Barceló Teguise Beach, an adults-only hotel offering half-board and, most crucially, no shrieking kids (or parents) interfering with your tanning time.
Airy and modern after a full refurb last year, the hotel is ­popular with newlyweds, couples and those just looking for some peace and quiet.
It’s just 100metres from Las Cucharas beach, on Costa Teguise, which is popular with scuba divers and paddleboarders and every July is the backdrop for the World Windsurfing Championship.
7 Sea views...Lanzarote
The Barceló features two bars, each ideal for a leisurely evening cocktail, and two restaurants — the somewhat disappointing Champs Sports Bar and the Atlantic Buffet, which serves a nightly feast with something to appeal to most.
There is a huge selection of salads, local cheeses, a pasta bar, sushi, plus Chinese dishes, steak and fish cooked to order, plus a range of decadent puddings.
Vegetarians and vegans might struggle, though, and those with gluten intolerance will want to research other places to eat.
The Barceló’s chefs prepare nightly themed menus that would even keep excited the tastebuds of people staying for a fortnight.
Getty Images7 Tourists stick to Lanzarote's popular seaside resorts
But if you tire of in-hotel dining, there are other options right on your doorstep.
Fancy a curry?
Lanzarote’s “Best Indian” is a minute’s walk away and offers a set menu for less than £9.
In fact, stroll outside the hotel and you could be back in the UK, with a Chinese all-you-can-eat buffet, Irish bars, karaoke and a greasy spoon serving all-day breakfasts for just £3.
There is even a shop where you can pick up your copy of The Sun.
And English channels beamed straight into the hotel’s rooms mean you do not need to sacrifice watching The X Factor or the goings-on in Albert Square for the sake of a sunshine break.
Away from the hotel’s two pools, spa and general aura of tranquillity, 187 of Barceló’s 305 rooms feature a hot tub.
7 Adults only...Barcelo Teguise
Relaxing in a Jacuzzi on the balcony is the perfect place for watching the sun set with a glass of champagne — or sharing a bottle of wine from award- winning local vineyard Bodegas El Grifo, which is well worth a visit.
Lanzarote’s hard, volcanic soils may look barren but grapes thrive under the island’s blazing sun — and make its white wines stronger than its reds.
But getting the vines to take was no easy feat — and a tribute to the peasants who cultivated the land, El Monumento al Campesino is an interesting place to visit and to stop for lunch.
In the centre of Lanzarote, it is easily accessible if you hire a car or take an organised tour.
Lanzarote’s gastronomic delicacies are well worth trying, too.
The fried goats’ cheese is delicious.
As is bienmesabe — a sweet pudding made from sugar, almonds and egg yolks.
7 Lunar landscape...Lanzarote
Sea bream, known locally as chern, is a popular offering and will have been fished locally.
The island is also famous for its mojo sauces: a fiery red picón and a parsley or coriander-based green one.
These are served with small, wrinkly potatoes grown on the island.
Hotter than the mojo sauces is Unesco world heritage site the Parque Nacional de Timanfaya, known as the Fire Mountains, where lava trapped within the earth bubbles beneath the ground.
One of the dormant volcanoes has an inner temperature of more than 800C and the on-site restaurant, designed by local artist César Manrique, takes full advantage of the geothermal conditions, using it to cook succulent meats for tourists and locals.
A look inside a chimney made from lava stone reveals trays of chickens being roasted using only the hot air from the molten rock below ground.
Related StoriesVideoSEA RESCUE Dramatic moment six Brit tourists are rescued from their sinking fishing boat off coast of Lanzarote Feet first in the Canaries Visit Lanzarote for a guided walking holiday around the volcanic island HOLIDAY HORROR Gas canister explodes near cafe in Malaga leaving at least 77 people injured at holiday hotspot GORD SLIMEY! TV chef Gordon Ramsay has been 'stung by a jellyfish on his willy' while on holiday 'I had loads of chins' Mum loses four stone after realising she 'looked like a whale' in water slide holiday snaps SCHOOLS OUT When is half term in October 2016? School holiday dates in England, Scotland and Wales 
Timanfaya’s last eruption, back in 1730, lasted six years.
More than 100 volcanoes and volcanic cones rose from the Earth in a torrent of fire and smoke, with locals to believe they were trapped in hell and being punished for all of humanity’s sins.
Villages were destroyed and livestock died as red-hot lava seeped from the earth and ash made the sky turn black.
Two apparitions of the ­Virgen de los Dolores — Our Lady of Sorrows — later convinced them that they were being protected by the Holy Ghost, not persecuted by dark forces.
Ever since, an annual celebration has taken place every September.
Thankfully, there has been no volcanic activity on the island since 1824.
And the only spirits that lurk on the island are found in cocktails.
GO: LANZAROTEGETTING THERE: Monarch operates year-round flights to Lanzarote from Birmingham, London Gatwick, London Luton and Manchester airports with fares starting at £69 one way (£130 return). See monarch.co.uk.STAYING THERE: Rooms at Barceló Teguise Beach start at £110 per night. Price based on two people sharing on a B&B basis. For details see barceloteguisebeach.com or call +34 928 59 05 51.
MORE INFORMATION: See turismolanzarote .com/en.


