Eccentric Chinese millionaire buys his spoiled DOG eight iPhone 7s on release day
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/1825250/eccentric-chinese-millioniare-buys-his-spoiled-dog-eight-iphone-7s-on-release-day/
21st September 2016, 1:32 pm
THE son of China’s wealthiest man has bought his beloved dog EIGHT iPhones 7s in a bizarre display of puppy love.
Wang Sicong, who is worth an incredible £430million, gifted the expensive handsets to his pampered pooch Coco on the day the gadget was released - despite the mutt not having any opposable thumbs.
Wang Sicong/Weibo4 Pampered Coco pictured next to the eight new iPhones
Wang Sicong/Weibo4 Wang isn't shy about treating his panting pet with luxury gifts
The iPhone 7, which is being marketed exclusively for humans, retails at around £800.
But that price tag is small change for the mega-wealthy animal lover whose father Wang Jianlin is worth an astonishing £23billion.
Wang, who is known to shower its adorable Alaskan malamute with luxury gifts, posted pictures of the panting beast with his new telephones on social media network Weibo.
He posted this message: “Not sure what people are showing off on Moments (a Chinese online platform).
“There is nothing to show off. I was forced to take action.”
RELATED STORIESSEVEN AND HELL iPhone 7 owners report hearing infuriating hissing noise coming from the £920 device ExclusiveTAKING THE H.M.P. Hard drugs, booze, knives, sizzling steaks, iPhones... Lags film party inside Britain's worst prison A bit sass-pect! One of the most loved emojis has been given a makeover... and iPhone users definitely aren't impressed Music to your ears Furious there's no headphones jack on the iPhone 7? This ingenious case could solve the problem 6 Plus Fuss Apple is still ignoring one of the iPhone's biggest flaws... and annoyed customers are forking out for repairs iREMEMBER As the iPhone 7 flies off the shelves what happened in the football world when the iPhone 1 came out? WHAT A BOOB Secret porn stash found on MILLIONS of Apple iPhones as iOS 10 update allows kids to access X-rated GIFs 'WHERE THE HELL IS MY IPHONE?' iPhone 7 delays spark Twitter FURY as some told phones won't be delivered until October Video'IT WAS SO SLY' Shocking footage shows two women 'snatching a man’s iPhone' right from under his nose 
Dog lover Wang loves throwing parties for his pet despite the fact that Coco does not have the mental capacity to appreciate his generosity.
The eccentric millionaire has previously given the drooling hound two Apple Watches, a pink Fendi handbag and even cold-hard cash.
Some online users were shocked by the dog’s gifts.
One user said: “I can’t even live as well as a dog.”
Another added: “Coco is richer than me.”
Wang posted the pictures on September 16, the day the much-sought after phone was released.
Wang Sicong/Weibo4 The hairy hound enjoys an extravagant lifestyle most humans can only dream of
Wang Sicong/Weibo4 Coco pictured with some fellow dogs at a party thrown in its owner
 

 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 

