Tottenham ‘ready to sell Mousa Dembele and eyeing two potential replacements for him this summer’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6070370/tottenham-mousa-dembele-tranfser/
17th April 2018, 9:05 am
TOTTENHAM are reportedly willing to let Mousa Dembele leave this summer.
The Belgian international has become one of Spurs' most senior players with boss Mauricio Pochettino rating the midfielder highly.
Getty Images - Getty3 Tottenham are willing to listen to offers for Mousa Dembele, according to reports
But the Mirror claim the club are ready to listen to offers for Dembele, 30, as he will have just 12 months on his contract at the end of the season.
And negotiations over a new deal will not begin until after the World Cup, meaning rivals could attempt to snatch him away.
Dembele was a target for Chinese Super League clubs earlier in the season and they may come back in for him.
Spurs are under no obligation to sell but a reported to just be covering any eventuality of Demebele leaving.
most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 
Getty Images - Getty3 Bryan Cristante is being monitored by Tottenham as a potential replacement for Mousa Dembele
Getty - Contributor3 Andre Gomes has struggled with life at Barcelona and could leave in the summer
The Mirror goes on to claim the club are eyeing up Barcelona's Andre Gomes and Atalanta's Italy midfielder Bryan Cristante.
Gomes, 24, has admitted to struggling to adapt to life at the Nou Camp after his £31million move from Valencia.

'A DREAM' Tottenham suffer blow in Malcom race after forward reveals ambitions to play for PSG

He even said he was going through 'hell' as he cannot rediscover the form that helped him earn his move to the La Liga leaders.
Cristante, 23, has impressed in Serie A on loan from Benfica and reports last month claimed Spurs were confident a deal could be struck for him.
Full Tuesday Preview including Brighton vs Tottenham in the Premier League 

