Arsenal suffer Carrasco blow as Dalian Yifang fail with £52m Belotti bid
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/8323400/arsenal-carrasco-blow-dalian-yifang-52m-belotti/
31st January 2019, 2:06 pm
ARSENAL's attempts to sign Yannick Carassco from Dalian Yifang look dead after the Chinese club failed in bid to sign a replacement.
Gazzetta dello Sport understand a £52million offer from the Chinese Super League side for striker Andrea Belotti has been firmly rejected.
Getty - Contributor2 Carassco's return to Europe is on ice
And the Serie A club have left Yifang under no illusion that they have zero intention of parting ways with their club captain.
The report adds that "no offer" will convince Torino to sell Belotti, who is seen as central to the club's attempts to qualify for European competition.
West Ham United have been linked with a move for the Italy international, who is a former target of Chelsea and Manchester United, during the January transfer window.
News of Yifang's failure has a knock-on effect for the Gunners, whose pursuit of Carassco now appears to be a distant dream.
LATEST ARSENAL NEWSCECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates bak off Koscielny says Baku should not host Europa League final after Mkhitaryan withdraws PETR NOT PLAY Arsenal fans demand Cech be axed for final amid Chelsea director role links HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld TAKING THE MKH Arsenal chief slams Uefa over Mkhitaryan not going to Europa League final SAFETY FIRST Emery insists it was Mkhitaryan's decision not to play in Europa League final CALL OF DUTY Watch touching clip as Ozil invites sick young Arsenal fan to his house 
Getty - Contributor2 Belotti's stock has fallen in recent years
Had the Chinese club secured a move for Belotti then it could have freed up the Belgium international attacker to move to the Emirates.
Reports suggest the North Londoners have submitted a loan offer which falls short of Yifang's demands - after they were given the hurry up by the player's agent.
Unai Emery's cash-strapped side are only able to make loan signings this month.
Denis Suarez has arrived until the end of the season from Barcelona, but a move for Ivan Perisic has collapsed after talks with Inter Milan.
Arsenal complete loan signing of Denis Suarez from Barcelona

