By blaming Brexit for a racist murder, Jean-Claude Juncker has shown his true vicious, snobby nature
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/1802911/by-blaming-brexit-for-a-racist-murder-jean-claude-juncker-has-shown-his-true-vicious-snobby-nature/
17th September 2016, 10:53 pm
BREXIT shaming is the last refuge of the resentful Remainers.
They lost the referendum.
Their dark warnings about economic collapse proved to be unfounded.
World War Three did not start.
Reuters17 Brexit shaming from Europhiles like Jean-Claude Juncker is the last resort of a snobbish political class who think they know more about Britain than the public
There is every indication that our country will have a happy, prosperous future outside the crumbling EU.
So all they have left is Brexit shaming.
All the Little European losers have left is smearing those of us who voted to leave as stupid, racist, gullible bigots.
Brexit shaming runs from Brussels to the BBC.
As it becomes clear that there will be no second referendum, it becomes more shrill, hysterical and vicious.
Getty Images17 Juncker claims we only left because we were lied to - rather than out of a genuine sense of patriotism and wanting to do away with this kind of EU elitism
Jean-Claude Juncker, President of the European Commission, claims 17million naive British morons voted to leave because we swallowed “40 years of lies”.
Unforgivably, Juncker even blames the horrible murder of Arkadiusz Jozwik in Harlow on the British vote to leave.
“Europe can never accept Polish workers being harassed, beaten up or even murdered in the streets of Essex,” said Juncker, to rapturous applause in the chamber.
How dare this booze-soaked bureaucrat imply that those of us who voted for our independence from his corrupt, job-destroying EU are somehow less appalled by the murder of an innocent man?
You would never guess that there is a long list of EU nationals who have committed horrible crimes in this country.
EPA17 Juncker blames the murder of a Polish man in Harlow, Essex on Brexit
EPA17 His sweeping condemnation of an entire country ignores the immense backlash against the killing with tributes and a solidarity march in Harlow town centre
Alamy17 Arkadiusz Jozwiks death was mourned with moving tributes from his neighbours and fellow Harlow residents
Pole Damien Pankiewicz was sentenced to 12 years for beating then dragging a stranger into the road in front of an oncoming double decker bus.
Lithuanian Victor Akulic, who was jailed for life for a violent rape.
Romanian Ciprian Stanescu was jailed for eight years after raping a woman who had been stranded at London’s Victoria Station.
But most EU immigrants have not broken the law — just as the majority of them have not suffered racist attacks.
Yet you would never know it from a Brexit-shaming celebration on BBC Radio 4 about the impact of Brexit on Poles living in the UK, where the Guardian hack presenting took great delight in finding graffiti urging, “Vote out EU — get the c**** out.”
It’s not pleasant.
But it is hardly Nazi Germany.
It is not even Merkel’s Germany, where neo-Nazi yobs last week fought running battles with drunken migrant youths in Bautzen, between Dresden and the Polish border.
DPA/XCITEPRESS17 The situation in Germany is worse than in Britain with huge tensions surrounding migration
DPA/XCITEPRESS17 Around 80 right-wing neo-fascists recently clashed with 20 immigrants residents in Bautzen, near Dresden, and the fighting was broken up by police
Migrant centres are not being burned in the UK.
They are being torched in France and Germany.
Voting to leave the European union did not change the nature of the British people.
We are a proud, confident, independent nation.
Given the chance to take back control of our borders, to restore our national sovereignty, to create our own destiny, we were always going to grab it with both hands.
But leaving the EU is not about hating anyone.
Getty Images17 The decision to leave the EU isn't about hate - it's about a deep love for our country and wanting to take it back from EU bureaucrats
It is about loving our country — and wanting it back.
That does not make us, Britain, a nation of stupid, racist bigots.
I am proud that more than 17 million of my countrymen defied all the doom-mongers and voted to leave the EU.
The Brexit shamers should look in the mirror and reflect on the poisonous contempt they feel for the will of all those British people.
Because that is exactly why they lost.
-- A CHORUS of voices on the Left assured us that there was no prospect of the European Union ever starting its own army.
“A fantasy!” chortled Nick Clegg.
Now comes news of the EU forming a “joint military force” to stand up to the Russians.
Vladimir Putin must be quaking in his boots.
With laughter.

Chance to save a Priti penny
PA:Press Association17 International Development Secretary Priti Patel wants to radically change the way we spend on foreign aid - as current investments are a waste of taxpayers' money
PRITI PATEL, the Secretary of State for International Development, is threatening to end the grotesque waste of our bloated £12billion-a-year foreign aid budget.
In the name of foreign aid, the British taxpayer has chucked money at such nutty schemes as encouraging the Chinese to play football (£3million), bankrolling Yegna, an Ethiopian version of the Spice Girls (£4million) and fighting climate change by reducing flatulence in Colombian cattle (£15million).
We Brits are a generous bunch.
When there is a crisis in some faraway land, nobody is quicker to put their hands in their pocket.
But our foreign aid budget doesn’t make us look compassionate – it makes us look like the biggest bunch of mugs in the world.
17 In the past Britain has invested £4million in Yegna, the Ethiopian Spice Girls who aim to empower women in the African nation
Getty Images17 We've also spent £15million fighting climate change... by combating excessive farting of Colombian cows
It should be noted that Priti Patel is not threatening to reduce the amount of money spent on foreign aid, currently fixed in law as 0.7 per cent of national income.
She merely wants it spent on better causes than farting moo-cows in South America.
You would think that we would all unite around Priti Patel.
You might believe that, whatever your political persuasion, we can all agree that billions of foreign aid are currently being stolen, frittered away and wasted.
But her plans caused howls of outrage.
You can understand the concern.
Where will all those Third World despots get their next private plane from now?

Drive to end calls at the wheel
Fame Flynet17 Texting while driving today will soon be as taboo as drink driving - it's simply not safe
WHEN I was learning to drive in the Seventies, drunk-driving was socially acceptable in a way that would be unimaginable today.
It was everywhere.
Boy racers did it.
Old geezers did it.
Housewives did it.
Then the world got wiser and today the idea of getting behind the wheel when you are half-cut is unthinkable.
Anyone who does it is well aware that they are risking their own life and liberty and the life of any innocent who gets in their way.
Only an idiot drives when drunk in 2016.
But almost everyone messes about with their phone at the wheel.
SWNS:South West News Service17 Laura Thomas died at just 20 when she collided with a lorry while distracted watching porn on her phone
Lisa Thomas, 47, says she feels “sick” every time she sees someone using their phone while they are driving.
Mrs Thomas’ daughter, Laura died at the age of 20 when a lorry driver hit her while watching porn at the wheel – one of the hundreds of innocent victims of what we can call phone-driving.
As the parent of a child who walks to school, I feel sick when I see the army of morons who use their phones while driving.
They are everywhere.
The penalties for driving while phoning – small fines and penalty points – are stupidly lenient.
But the real problem is that phone-driving is socially acceptable.
Until decent, right-minded people stop doing it, our children will keep dying.

Death might be glorious for Sharon - but not for me
Getty Images17 Sharon Stone said her near-death experience was "glorious" and not scary at all - but my experience of loved ones dying is simply tragic and upsetting
AFTER suffering a brain haemorrhage in 2001, Sharon Stone had a near-death experience and reports seeing “a giant vortex of white light” and meeting many friends long gone from this world.
“When death comes, it’s glorious and beautiful,” says Sharon, left.
“I had an incredible sense of wellbeing.
“It’s not scary.”
Wouldn’t it be comforting to think so?
But my experience of watching loved ones die is exactly the opposite.
From what I’ve seen of it, death is full of pain, grief and a crushing sadness at saying goodbye.
When I go, I hope I go like Sharon.

Labour is broken regardless of who wins leadership
Getty Images17 Labour voters have the delight of choosing between two unelectable fools in the current leadership content - the only outcome will be the party's demise
THE Labour leadership contest, which will be decided next Saturday, is starting to get exciting.
Will Labour choose to be led by an eye-swivelling extremist who has no hope of ever winning a General Election?
Or will they stick with Jeremy Corbyn?
Corbyn and his henchman, IRA groupie John McDonnell, dream of bringing down capitalism.
But all they are bringing down is the Labour Party.

No regrets at Cameron's political passing
Getty Images17 David Cameron will be remembered for always doing exactly the opposite of what he always promised
“BRITS don’t quit,” David Cameron said two days before he quit as Prime Minister and little more than two months before he quit as an MP.
Even more than the bloody mess he left in Libya, Cameron will be remembered for saying one thing then doing exactly the opposite.
Call me a naive young thing but when he looked the British people in the eye and promised to negotiate a new deal for the UK in Europe, I never doubted for one second that he was going to have a real go.
And then he didn’t.
Even those of us who voted for Cameron in two General Elections are glad to see the back of him.
related storiesTAKING BACK CONTROL Take back your criminals or lose your overseas aid - Priti Patel considering radical shakeup Pretty harsh Pro-EU boss in sexism and racism storm for saying Priti Patel's name is a 'contradiction' SHOCK WINNER Skepta wins 2016 Mercury Music Prize over bookies' favourite David Bowie - bagging £25k award FITTING TRIBUTE David Bowie's ashes 'scattered at US Burning Man festival' FLOUR POWER ‘I’ve elbowed your muffins’: These are 12 best Mel and Sue moments on GBBO EU CHIEF The history of Jean-Claude Juncker's denials about alcoholism THE SUN SAYS Jean-Claude Juncker represents the worst part of EU superiority that pushed so many to vote Leave EU AND WHAT ARMY? EU President's #AskJuncker Twitter Q&A is swiftly hijacked by web users' ridicule 
Starman wouldn't want Mercury win
Getty Images17 David Bowie would have hated posthumously winning the Mercury Prize - so good job it went to grime artist Skepta
IF David Bowie had won music’s Mercury Prize, he would have been the first artist to win posthumously – and he would have hated it.
The prize went to Skepta and, somewhere beyond the stars, Bowie will be happy with that decision.
David would definitely want the prize to go to someone who is still breathing.
-- WHAT happens on a stag do stays on the stag do.
Unless, like British accountant Alex Jerrett, you are stupid enough to get photographed carrying a sex doll to the 9/11 memorial in New York.
Then your stag night follows you all the way home.
-- DOES it really matter if Mel and Sue or Mary and Paul don’t follow Bake Off to Channel 4?
We learned after national treasure Bruce Forsyth left Strictly Come Dancing – and the show went on to greater glory – that the biggest star is the show itself.
-- HOW disappointing that the killjoys of the DVLA have banned certain registration plates in case they give offence.
What red-blooded male doesn’t dream of paying a small fortune for BI6 NOB?

