From professional bridesmaids to pet food testers: These are the 13 most bizarre jobs in the world
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1711053/from-professional-bridesmaids-to-pet-food-testers-these-are-the-13-most-bizarre-jobs-in-the-world/
3rd September 2016, 10:06 am
Remember the story of 22-year-old Paige Gregory who has the pleasure of testing sex toys for a living?
Well, she is not the only person with a slightly unusual job. Here are 13 of the weirdest ones in the world.
Pet food tester
Getty Images13 Some people have the ruff job of tasting your pets food
Just think about it for a minute next time you open a tin of pet food to feed your beloved dog or cat – a human actually ate that to make sure it was up to scratch.
That’s probably all that needs saying on the matter.
Professional cuddler
Barcroft Media13 Saskia Larsen employs Ian for cuddles while her husband works away
We’ve all been there – feeling a little lonely and wishing you had someone to snuggle with.
Well, don’t go buying a pet or a boyfriend pillow just yet.
For just $60 an hour in America you can enjoy a fully clothed, completely platonic cuddle with a professional.
Professional bridesmaid
Instagram13 Jen Glantz started her bridesmaid hire business after seeing a gap in the wedding market
Want an extra pair of hands to take the stress out of your wedding?
Well you could consider hiring an ‘undercover bridesmaid’ or one of the people who offers personal assistant type service to brides.
The best thing is that no one has to know they are a paid for service – although we can’t guarantee that friends and family won’t start asking questions about the stranger standing at the end of the aisle with you.
Related StoriesBridesmaid for hire Woman who earns £774 a day as a professional bridesmaid HATES weddings LETHAL PROFESSION What are the UK's most dangerous jobs? Construction tops the list of treacherous occupations GOOD VIBRATIONS Meet the 22-year-old woman who tests SEX TOYS for a living… and what she looks for in self-pleasure products THEY DID WHAT? Lion tamers, nude life models and corpse make-up artists: the shocking pre-fame jobs of the a-listers YOU HAD ONE JOB Hilarious snaps of of simple tasks that people managed to get disastrously wrong 
Professional mourners
Alamy13 You can always hire a professional mourner to make a funeral guest list slightly longer
On the same level, but at completely different ends of the spectrum, you can also hire someone to mourn at a loved-one's funeral.
Starting from £4, you can hire a professional from Rent A Mourner, based in Essex.
Professional sleeper
Getty Images13 If your dream job is napping then this is for you
We’ve all been a little tired at work and thought about the possibility of taking a nap, but some people are paid to take part in sleep studies.
That’s right, they are literally paid to sleep. They are living the dream.
Fortune cookie writer
Getty Images13 There are people behind the mysterious notes in fortune cookies
It’s probably never crossed your mind when you break open a fortune cookie when you go for a Chinese, but someone actually writes them.
Sounds like a pretty easy going job, but there are only so many ways you can say ‘you are about to come into good fortune after a long struggle’.
Dice inspector
Getty Images13 Each dice must be the perfect shape for it to roll properly
Gambling is one of the biggest businesses in the world and there is no room for error.
That's why someone is paid to makes sure the dice are in perfect condition before they're used in casinos around the world.
The edges must be straight and the proportions have to be correct or it could corrupt the outcome of the roll – making gambling an even riskier business.
Golf ball divers
Alamy13 Swing and miss - what do you think of diving for golf balls for a living?
Yep, it is exactly what it sounds like.
People are paid to dive into the waters of golf courses and collect the balls that have been dashed into them thanks to a less than perfect swing.
Up to 5,000 golf balls are collected by the divers each day.
Vomit collector
Getty Images13 What a sick way to spend your day - cleaning vomit off theme park rides
Ever wondered what happens when someone's sick on a roller coaster?
Well, that chunder doesn’t just disappear on its own. Oh no, someone has to clean it up.
In 2009 Thorpe Park hired a dedicated vomit cleaner for its stomach-churning attraction SAW - The Ride.
Still, at least they are paid unlike the thousands of parents out there who do it voluntarily.
Odour judging
Getty Images13 People sniff weird and wonderful things to test if deodorants and air fresheners work
These are the people we should be thanking next time we use breath-freshening toothpaste and a fragrant deodorant.
Believe it or not smell tests are carried out on breath, feet, armpits and even nappies to test if deodorants and air fresheners mask all the smells.
People are putting their noses on the line to make sure we smell delightful at all times.
Snake milking
Getty Images13 Extracting venom from a snake is someone's day job
If you have a fear of snakes – skip this one.
Chemicals in snake venom can be used to treat all sorts of conditions, but someone has to extract that venom.
That someone is a snake milker and their job is to gently expose the snake’s fangs and extract the venom.
Definitely not for the faint-hearted.
Bicycle fishing
Alamy13 Thousands of bikes are pulled from Amsterdam's canals each year
Exactly what it sounds like, fishing for bicycles.
Amsterdam’s water agency, Waternet, employs people to fish out the 12,000 to 15,000 bikes that end up in the city’s 165 canals each year.
Train stuffers
Alamy13 The role of an Oshiya is to push people onto a train
In Japan you can be paid to push passengers onto trains during rush hour to make sure they are at capacity.
The professional pushers are known as Oshiya and are specially trained in the art of cramming people into trains.
And we thought the Tube during rush hour was unbearable.

