How too much screen time can turn your child into an addict… and ways to stop it happening
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1686588/how-too-much-screen-time-can-turn-your-child-into-an-addict-and-ways-to-stop-it-happening/
28th August 2016, 11:07 am
HOW much time you should let you kids spend on iPads and computers has always been hotly-debated, but now the issue of screen time has become even murkier.
According to Dr. Nicholas Kardaras these kinds of tech are a “digital drug”, with studies showing screens can increase depression, anxiety, and aggression and can even lead to psychotic-like features where the video gamer loses touch with reality.
Alamy4 It's been claimed curing kids of screen addiction is incredibly hard
“Once a kid has crossed the line into true tech addiction, treatment can be very difficult,” the expert explains.
“Indeed, I have found it easier to treat heroin and crystal meth addicts than lost-in-the-matrix video gamers or Facebook-dependent social media addicts.”
Nicholas used the story of a mum called Susan to explain his point.
Alamy4 Using this kind of tech triggers the same thing s in the brain as drugs
She bought her six-year-old son John an iPad because his school used them and his tech teacher raved about them.
John was a fan of reading and baseball and Susan wanted to give him a head start in life.
He began playing educational games on it, then discovered Minecraft.
His teach told Susan it was just like “electronic lego”, so she had no issue with it.
Her son started to change though – he wouldn’t do his chores, didn’t read or play baseball anymore and said he saw the Minecraft blocks in his dreams.
As his behaviour continued to deteriorate, she tried to take the game away but John threw temper tantrums.
His outbursts were so severe that she gave in, still rationalising to herself over and over again that “it’s educational.”
Alamy4 Encouraging outdoor play is a much better idea
Then, one night, she realised that something was seriously wrong.
“I walked into his room to check on him. He was supposed to be sleeping - and I was just so frightened…,” she said
She found him sitting up in his bed staring wide-eyed, his bloodshot eyes looking into the distance as his glowing iPad lay next to him.
He seemed to be in a trance. Beside herself with panic, the mum had to shake the boy repeatedly to snap him out of it.
Distraught, she could not understand how her once-healthy and happy little boy had become so addicted to the game that he wound up in a catatonic stupor.
RELATED STORIES'I'm traumatised' Mummy blogger has to tell her son, nine, about the birds and the bees after he hears her having sex Rattle Ticket ‘I won my baby in a prize draw’: Woman bagged IVF treatment worth over £10,000  Prankster mum dresses up her child as she sleeps - and it's hilariously adorable RevealedKEEPING YOUR KIDS SAFE Here's what you need to know about baby car seats and the law Mini Miracle Mum of premature baby born weighing same as a jar of MARMITE documents girl's fight for life on Instagram 
Nicholas points out many kids have “aggressive temper tantrums” when their tech is taken away, and seen bored and have no interest in life without it.
In fact, things like iPads and smart phones effect the brain in the same way as drugs do.
This is why Dr. Peter Whybrow, Director of Neuroscience at UCLA calls screens “electronic cocaine” and Chinese researchers call them “digital heroin”. 
Nicholas has worked with over 1,000 teens over the last 15 years and says prevention is better than cure when it comes to tech addiction.
In 2013, the American Academy of Pediatrics stated eight to 10-year-olds spent about eight hours A DAY using digital media, with that rising to 11 hours among teens.
One in three kids are using tablets or smartphones before they can talk. 
Getty Images4 Having dinner with your children without any tech is a good idea
Nicholas explains that once a person crosses over the line into full-blown addiction - drug, digital or otherwise - they need to detox before any other kind of therapy can have any chance of being effective.
“With tech, that means a full digital detox - no computers, no smartphones, no tablets," he said.
“The extreme digital detox even eliminates television. The prescribed amount of time is four to six weeks.”
This is why it’s so important to stop your kid getting addicted in the first place. Nicolas suggests:

Give them books not iPads and Lego rather than Minecraft
Encourage them to play sports rather than watch TV
Tell their school not to give them access until they're 10
Talk to your child about the risks of too much screen time
Eat dinner at a table with no devices present
Make sure they have meaningful relationships - kids who feel connected to their families are less likely to need a digital fantasy world

Susan took away John's tablet, and after a long battle he's now using computers in a healthy way.
Nicholas is the author of Glow Kids: How Screen Addiction is Hijacking Our Kids—and How to Break the Trance. He's a former clinical professor at hospital Stony Brook Medicine and executive director at rehab The Dunes East Hampton.

