Brits go for big boobs, Americans like curves and the French prefer a small bust: Men reveal their country’s ideal female body shapes
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1677125/brits-go-for-big-boobs-americans-like-curves-and-the-french-prefer-a-small-bust-men-reveal-their-countrys-ideal-female-body-shapes/
26th August 2016, 10:51 am
IT’S a known fact that women come in all shapes and sizes – whether you’re tall and slim or small and curvaceous, we’re all different.
But now a new debate has started on Q&A site Quora discussing the 'ideal female shape' - and it seems that men across the globe all have different preferences or ideals when it comes to who they fancy.
Getty Images6 Kate Upton is the American dream with her tall curvy figure and blonde locks
The Quora user asked fellow members to comment on what they deem the perfect body type - based on which country they were from and what they personally preferred.
According to the responses, these are the ideal types for each region...
USA
American user Ryan said: “In my country, the U S of A, namely the Southeast, I think the standard image of beauty is probably the same as in many other places; tall, curvy, blonde and blue eyes (though light brown eyes are also really popular), and either fair skin or tanned.”
RELATED STORIESDON'T UNDIE-ESTIMATE YOURSELF Dress to impress this National Underwear Day... whatever your body shape Beach babes 'If I can wear a bikini, anybody can': Three woman prove 'beach body ready' comes in all shapes and sizes 'My legs are going to get cankles soon!' Steph Davis reveals her body fears halfway through her pregnancy ExclusiveBEND AND STRETCH! Jessica Wright shows off her toned figure during intense workout after hitting back at cruel trolls Shrek-tacular! Guy posts topless snap online claiming it’s the ‘ideal male body’… and is trolled with hilarious memes 
China
The most ‘out there’ response was from Nat in China – but it may not be a surprising response considering some of the body challenges that the nation is famous for.
He wrote: “The skinnier the better. A4 challenge is a ‘thing’, iPhone 6 challenge is also a ‘thing’.”
Getty Images6 In China it's the thinner the better. Some women even compete for legs as skinny as an iPhone 6 (pictured)
The A4 challenge is when women aim to have a torso the width of an A4 piece of paper and the iPhone6 challenge sees Chinese women seeking legs that are as slim as an iPhone 6.
Egypt
Egyptian user Ahmed said that usually “curvy, large breasted women” are thought to be the most attractive in his country.
Alamy6 Kim Kardashian's curvy figure fits the Egyptian ideal for beauty
Bulgaria
Bulgarian Stanislav believes in his country the most attractive female body type for most males is “tall, tight body, slim and big boobs.”
Switzerland
Nadège from Switzerland gave a woman’s point of view on this one. She said that the Swiss prefer “rather thin women, middle-tall, more with brown hair than blonde, fair eyes usually”.
The Philippines
Another lady swooped in for The Philippines say on the matter. Mona Tauqir says the ideal woman in her country would have a “shapely waist and hips” but at the same time is “petite” and boasts a busty F-cup.
UK
Rex Features6 TOWIE babe Billie Faiers is a UK hit when it comes to her figure
GB’s Alec reckoned that the most appealing female Brits are “petite, not too skinny, large (but not ridiculous) breasts and shapely curves”. He also said 5ft 7in is about the ideal in Great Britain.
He added: “I don't really have a type that I find attractive. The primary attraction for me is personality. If I am attracted to a person's personality, then I will find their own, unique physical beauty... I'm rather philosophical about beauty; I believe everyone is beautiful, just sometimes it takes a little effort to see it.”
Bangladesh
Getty Images6 With her thick black hair and curves, Nicki Minaj fits the ideal in Bangladesh
An anonymous user from Bangladesh said that the ideal woman would be at least 5ft 2in in height and have “dense and black hair, big black eyes and non-thin eyebrows”. A “moderately curvy physique” was also rated.
France
An anonymous French user said that the ideal in their neck of the woods was a “mix of fashion model standard beauty with a girl-next-door kind of vibe', adding that they can 'even be tomboy”.
The user added: “Big boobs are overrated, small t**s for the win.”
GC Images6 Brit beauty Kiera Knightly has the French ideal body shape

