Team GB mania as they arrive home in triumph from Rio – and Britain’s Olympic chiefs are already eyeing Tokyo 2020 gold rush
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/rio-2016/1661742/team-gb-mania-as-they-arrive-home-in-triumph-from-rio-and-britains-olympic-chiefs-are-already-eyeing-tokyo-2020-gold-rush/
24th August 2016, 1:24 am
FLIGHT BA2016 from Rio had barely touched down  in London, yet Britain’s Olympic chiefs were already looking ahead to Tokyo.
Not since the Brink’s Mat bullion robbery has so much precious metal passed through Heathrow, with 129 athletes returning from Brazil with a collective 142 medals.
5 GB swim sensation Adam Peaty poses in the cockpit before flying back from Rio

The Brit gold medallists had flown back first class, silver and bronze in business and the also-rans in cattle class.
Motivation enough for all 366 members of Team GB to make sure they are at the front of the plane returning from Japan in 2020.
And the men charged with keeping Britain at the top of the medals table are convinced that the sky is now the limit for this country’s sporting ambitions.
Bill Sweeney, CEO of the British Olympic Association, outlined the sheer size of his dreams when he said: “Topping the USA might be a long shot but there is a tremendous platform to go to Tokyo and do something very special there again.
“It will be tougher than Rio because we’ll face a much stronger domestic nation on their home turf.
“China will want to do really well in Asia for political reasons, Russia will probably have a full team and Australia may be resurgent.
5 Team GB athletes returned home to a greeting they will surely never forget
“So the competition will be even more intense,  but we have an incredibly talented team and we have already gone five consecutive Olympics with medal growth, which no one has ever come close to before.”
Sweeney’s bullishness was shared by BOA vice-chairman Sir Hugh Robertson.
He admitted: “We all thought it would be stretching it to surpass London 2012 but we are blessed with an extraordinary generation  of athletes.

“We planned for Rio for an awful long time and we have already spent a lot of time thinking on to the Tokyo Games. This isn’t something that has been dreamed up on the back of a fag packet.
“It’s the product of very long-term planning.”
Everyone connected with Team GB acknowledges that none of this would have been possible without the £347million worth of funding they have received from the  National Lottery over the past four years.
5 Pete Reed, Helen Glover, Max Whitlock, Nicola Adams and Katie Archibald travel home in a style of their own after their rampant Rio medal-winning
PA:Press Association5 Katherine Grainger poses with her record-making Olympic silver medal
One Chinese reporter at the Heathrow Sofitel suggested that Britain had only been able to finish above a nation of 1.2 billion people by financially overwhelming their sporting rivals. Sweeney, though, was having none of that.
He blasted: “China won’t tell us how much they spend but I would think there’s quite a lot of money in their system and I’d be surprised if we actually outspent them.”
No one is in a better position  to judge the effect of the Lottery millions than Katherine  Grainger, who has now won medals at the last five Games.
The record-breaking rower added another silver to her collection from the women’s double sculls, alongside Vicky Thornley.

5 British athletes make their arrival selfie time after a momentous summer
She said: “I came into the  Olympics when the National Lottery came on board and I have really seen the team develop and flourish in the last 20 years. We are so  well prepared these days, with inspirational leaders who make the path much clearer to prepare for and deliver big results.
“We had a lot of first-timers  in the Rio Games but they know  if they are wearing a GB vest, they are already part of a really strong brand and people look to you to deliver success.
“We all thought London 2012 was a once-in-a-lifetime occasion that could never be replicated.
“But when we were boarding  the plane in Rio the flight crew told us, ‘You have no idea what you’re about to walk into’.  The reception at Heathrow alone has been phenomenal.

RELATED STORIESRevealedAhead of the Games Team GB enjoyed record haul but which country tops the rankings on medals per head of population? KOREA SUICIDE Kim Jong-un could send North Korean athletes down to the coal mines over Rio Olympic medal flop PicturedWINNERS & BOOZERS Team GB downed champagne and sang national anthem on flight home.. and medallists got upgrades How old? Team GB star Ruby Harrold announces her retirement from gymnastics... at the tender age of 20 
“It’s been a tough year for the country and a lot has happened politically in the past few months. The good thing about sport is that it does unite people. For a short while at least, we’ve had a lot of positive news stories.”
Yet every silver cloud has a dark lining and it was almost inevitable that the consistent failure of the England football team would raise its ugly head.
But former Sports Minister  Robertson was not about to enter that particular minefield.
He said: “Today is all about reflecting on the success of Rio and celebrating the achievements of our athletes.
“I can understand why you’ve asked but if we answer that  question that will be the headlines tomorrow. And we don’t want to go there.”
No one does, Sir Hugh. But some of us have to . . .



