West Brom 1 Everton 2: Kevin Mirallas and Gareth Barry fire Blues to victory after coming from behind
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/1645744/west-brom-1-everton-2-kevin-mirallas-and-gareth-barry-fire-blues-to-victory-after-coming-from-behind-2/
20th August 2016, 6:13 pm
EVERTON picked up their first win of the season as Gareth Barry’s second half strike ensured they came from behind to defeat West Brom 2-1 at the Hawthorns.
The Baggies looked set for their second consecutive victory after Gareth McAuley headed them in front inside ten minutes from a corner.
Reuters3 Gareth Barry scored the winner for Everton at West Brom
Array3 Gareth McAuley had given West Brom the lead inside ten minutes
Reuters3 Kevin Mirallas equalised for Everton on the stroke of half time
Tony Pulis’ side failed to hold on to their lead until the break, however, as Kevin Mirallas equalised two minutes into first half stoppage time following a neat build-up involving Barry and Ross Barkley.
And it was Barry who sealed the points on the hour mark as he nodded home from a corner.
related storiesExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates 
FACTS, STATS, GOALS & LOLS
- WEST BROM are still desperate to sign people. Tony Pulis named an unchanged side from the one that won at Palace.  Right now the biggest worry though is to keep what he has. Arsenal want Evans, and Berahino is running his contract down.
- BAGGIES new Chinese owner Guochuan Lai was here to watch Tony Pulis’ side. And he was applauding within minutes as McAuley put them in front.
- BUT two weeks after Lai’s takeover was confirmed they’ve yet to sign anybody.
- LAST week Everton troubled Tottenham playing three at the back.Koeman stuck by it but Pulis was prepared.
- JAGIELKA lost McAugley and Mirallas failed to stop him nodding Craig Gardner’s flag-kick home after barely 9 minutes.
- 'WE are top of the League' sang the Baggies faithful. After nine minutes.  Seriously?
- KOEMAN switched from 3-4-2-1 to 4-2-3-1 to match Pulis after just 38 minutes bringing on Romelu Lukaku. It changed the game.
- IF Everton are holding out for £75m for Lukaku it’s because he’s worth it. As soon s he came on Everton had something up front they didn’t before. They were level before the break as Miralas started and finished a wonderful combination with Barry and Barkely.
- MAARTEN Stekelenburg made crucial saves to deny Rondon in the first half and Fletcher in the second showing he will fight for his place if Joe Hart does come in from City.
- EVERTON'S new £30m signing made a second half debut for Koeman and nearly had an assist as he put in a beautiful cross and Barkley should have clinched it but headed wide from seven yards.

DREAM TEAM RATINGS
WEST BROM: Foster 7, Dawson 6, Olssson 6, McAuley 7, Evans 6, Phillips 6 (Leko 65, 6), Fletcher 6, Yacob 7, Gardner 7 (McClean 64, 6), Berahino 6 (Lambert 78, 6), Rondon 6
Subs not used: Morrison, Myhill, Field, Wilson
Booked: Olsson, Evans, Berahino
Sent off: -
EVERTON: Stekelenburg 6, Holgate 7, Jagielka 6, Funes Mori, Baines 7, McCarthy 5 (Lukaku 38, 6), Gueye 7, Barry 8, Mirallas 7 (Williams 81, 6), Barkley 6, Deulofeu 6 (Bolasie 61, 6)
Subs not used: Robles, Lennon, Cleverley, Oviedo
Booked: -
Sent off: -
DREAM TEAM STAR MAN: Gareth Barry (Everton)
 
WHAT THEY SAID
TONY PULIS (WEST BROM MANAGER): "I can't criticise the players. Even second half, Everton came more into it, but the lads still kept going and having a go.
"You're hoping that something will drop for you in the end, but unfortunately it didn't."
 
RONALD KOEMAN (EVERTON MANAGER): “It's always difficult to come to this place, even more so when they go 1-0 up, but we played well.
“After half-time, Maarten made a crucial save. It's so important to have your goalkeeper do that in those moments.
“The substitutes had a big impact on the final result and I thought we deserved it today.
“I was really happy with Yannick Bolasie. He showed the qualities that made us sign him and I'm glad he could show those on his debut.”
 
 
NEXT FIVE FIXTURES
 
WEST BROM
Aug 23 - Northampton (A) - League Cup
Aug 28 - Middlesbrough (H) - Premier League
Sep 10 - Bournemouth (A) - Premier League
Sep 17 - West Ham (H) - Premier League
Sep 24 - Stoke (A) - Premier League
 
EVERTON
Aug 23 - Yeovil (H) - League Cup
Aug 27 - Stoke (H) - Premier League
Sep 12 - Sunderland (A) - Premier League
Sep 17 - Middlesbrough (H) - Premier League
Sep 24 - Bournemouth (A) - Premier League
 
 
 

