Rio Olympics 2016: Tom Daley’s Games are over after devastated diver finishes LAST in the 10m platform semi-final
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/rio-2016/1645352/rio-olympics-2016-tom-daleys-games-are-over-after-diver-finishes-last-in-the-10m-platform-semi-final/
20th August 2016, 5:00 pm
TOM DALEY vowed to fight for gold at Tokyo 2020 — after bombing out of his main event.
Daley failed to even qualify for the 10m platform diving final.
 

PA:Press Association4 Distraught Tom Daley is comforted at the Aquatics Arena
PA:Press Association4 Tom Daley reacts during the men's 10m platform semi-final
The Brit, who finished 18th and LAST in his semi-final, said: “I want to be Olympic champion — that’s been my dream since I was a kid.
“At the Olympics you can get your dreams crushed in an instant so it’s tough.
“To think that Team GB has already got three diving medals from these Games is incredible and gives you a massive kick of motivation to want to be standing on top of that podium in 2020.”
Daley, 22, took bronze in the synchronised 10m event with dive partner Dan Goodfellow. And hopes were high he could improve on his individual bronze in London after he had qualified ahead of world champion Qiu Bo and fellow Chinese star Chen Aisen.
More from the OlympicsFIRE SHOCK Rio 2016 Olympic velodrome track scorched following fire in arena where Laura Trott and Bradley Wiggins won gold IT'S A DON DEAL LA to offer Paris 2024 Olympics in return for hosting 2028 Games -when Donald Trump will be out of office NIGHT OF REGRET Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte says he contemplated suicide after fake Rio gunpoint robbery claims 'Falling to pieces' More than 100 Rio Olympics medals being replaced after athletes complain they are falling apart 'All I do is ride a bike' Olympic couple Jason and Laura Kenny are made CBEs for services to cycling at Buckingham Palace Kat out of the bag Katarina Johnson-Thompson pulls out of European Indoor Championships in Belgrade Dave Kidd Medals at what price? GB's Olympic gong targets are more ruthless than even China or old Soviet Bloc - and the latest Mo Farah controversy proves it PicturedOLYMPIC SHAMES Harrowing pictures show Rio Olympics venues in utter disrepair after Maracana Stadium power is turned off ORANGE IS THE NEW GREEN Rio Olympic swimming pool that was panned for going green during the Games is now ORANGE WALKING ON AIR Nicky Henderson unveiled two more Cheltenham Festival hopefuls in Top Notch and Buveur D'Air at Sandown 
 
PA:Press Association4 Tom Daley finished last in 18th place in his 10m platform semi-final
EPA4 Tom Daley was far from his best in the 10m platform semi-final today
But Daley was off-key from the start. Having fluffed his second and third dives, he needed a massive score in the sixth and final round — but again made a mess of it.
He said: “I’ve no idea what went wrong. Training has been going really well, I’m in the shape of my life, moving better than ever.
“I’m in shock because I know that I could win that gold medal and am probably the only one who could challenge the Chinese for that gold.”
 

