Serie A is back after summer of change — can anyone stop Juventus from making history?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/1644121/serie-a-is-back-after-summer-of-change-can-anyone-stop-juventus-from-making-history/
20th August 2016, 12:37 pm
SERIE A is back. And a summer of change has left everyone wondering.
Juventus — won the league and cup for a second season running — lost Paul Pogba, who return to Manchester United for a world-record £89million.
Getty Images12 Juventus won the title for a fifth consecutive season in 2015-16
Getty Images12 Juventus celebrates completing double with Coppa Italia victory
However, they have weakened their nearest rivals by splashing out on Gonzalo Higuain from Napoli and taking Miralem Pjanic from Roma.
AC Milan was sold to Chinese investors for £628m and hired Vincenzo Montella as manager, while Frank de Boer — who won four titles in Holland with Ajax — replaced Roberto Mancini as boss of rivals, Inter.
Neither giant has played Champions League football for three seasons now.
Here are five questions ahead of the new Serie A season.
Can anybody stop Juventus making history?
Getty Images12 Max Allegri could make history with Juventus if they win a sixth-straight title
The winners of the last five Serie A titles would make history with another win in 2016-17 — and they look a good bet.
At a time when Italian football is in financial meltdown, Juve were able to take Napoli’s star and make him the third most expensive footballer of all time.
Maurizio Sarri brought in highly-rated Polish forward, Arkadiusz Milik for £30m but looks set to lose defender Kalidou Koulibaly to Chelsea.
Getty Images12 Francesco Totti will be hoping for a fairytale Scudetto to end career
Last season was a real missed opportunity for the Neapolitans. They were leading for the majority of the season after Juve’s horror star.
But the Black and White juggernaut beat Napoli to overtake them in top spot and steamrolled over everyone on their way to a record extending 32nd league title.
And Sarri’s men face losing their best players without bringing in top quality.
Roma, meanwhile, added the likes of Gerson and Thomas Vermaelen.
Pjanic will be a big loss, but wouldn’t it be fitting for Francesco Totti to win a second Scudetto before retiring?
Can Gonzalo Higuain repeat heroics?
Getty Images12 Gonzalo Higuain made history last season with his 36 Napoli goals
Higuain made history last season — his 36 league goals equalled the record set back in 1929.
He didn’t score as many as Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Luis Suarez and Cristiano Ronaldo, but, given the league he was playing in and team he was at, his was surely the best achievement.
Higuain moved to Juve for £79m — but has faced questions over his weight.
Getty Images12 There will be pressure on Gonzalo Higuain after his mega money move from Napoli
He will now be surrounded by more quality, and will be expected to fire the club to European glory.
Has generally struggled on the biggest stage — with an important penalty miss in what was effectively a Champions League play-off against Lazio two seasons ago.
And big chances squandered in Copa America and World Cup finals with Argentina.
But his every game will be much more scrutinised now following his fee.
And Higuain must prove he can deal with the pressure.
Juve have lost Paul Pogba. Will they cope?
Getty Images12 Paul Pogba was a vital member of Juventus' double-winning midfield
Over the last couple of seasons, the midfield which went toe-to-toe with Barcelona in the Champions League final has been decimated.
Andrea Pirlo and Arturo Vidal both moved on — and now they’ve lost Pogba.
Claudio Marchisio will still be an important member of the team, while a fit Sami Khedira would be an asset for any team.
Getty Images12 Blaise Matuidi is Juventus' first choice replacement for Paul Pogba
Kwadwo Asamoah is back and fit after a serious injury, and Pjanic is a smart signing.
Juve are in the market for a direct Pogba replacement, with Blaise Matuidi the favourite to come in.
Related StoriesExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates 
Can Milan and Inter challenge?
Getty Images12 Mauro Icardi will be a vital player for Inter Milan boss Frank De Boer
Inter are the last Italian winners of the Champions League, while Milan were a dominant force in Europe under Carlo Ancelotti.
However, neither have participated in the competition since 2014.
With Inter set for fifth season out of Europe’s premier competition.
Milan were sold, but have so far failed to invest — despite threatening to spend big.
Serie B hotshot Gianluca Lapadula is the only major addition, while Mario Balotelli returned to Liverpool.
Getty Images12 Vincenzo Montella will be desperate for reinforcements this summer
Montella will want more.
Across the city and Inter have invested, but are still miles away.
Heavy defeats against Bayern Munich and Tottenham in pre-season sealed Mancini’s fate.
Antonio Candreva and Ever Banega are good purchases and — of the two, De Boer’s Inter have the best chance of snatching the third Champions League place, with Mauro Icardi's decision to stay pivotal.
Napoli’s failure to replace Higuain has opened the door.
Can Crotone survive?
Getty Images12 Crotone fans celebrate historic promotion to Serie A last season
Leicester have sort of killed the romance of football fairytale with their sensational Premier League victory last season.
Remember Bournemouth’s promotion?
Carpi’s rise to Serie A last summer was even more extraordinary.
Getty Images12 Crotone finished as runners up in Serie B to reach Italy's top tier
And now Crotone are the latest side to reach Italy’s top tier for the first time.
Carpi’s brave effort wasn’t enough last season.
Crotone only reached the second tier for the first time in 2000, and 17th place would be a dream season for the newcomers.


