From Penis Parks to Dwarf Dancers: 11 of the world’s weirdest tourist attractions uncovered
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1594438/from-penis-parks-to-dwarf-dancers-11-of-the-worlds-weirdest-tourist-attractions-uncovered/
14th August 2016, 12:41 pm
YOU'VE been thrill-seeking at Alton Towers and seen the model village at Legoland but perhaps it’s time to leave the kids at home and go in search of a more unique adventure.
From bathing in red wine to erotic theme parks, there is a plethora of weird, wonderful and sometimes saucy tourist attractions out there.
So grab your suitcase, sunscreen and selfie stick and head off to one of the most peculiar holiday sights the world has to offer.
Penis Park, South Korea
Alamy10 Penis shaped artworks on display at Penis Park in South Korea
Haeshindang Park AKA Penis Park, South Korea, is home to a number of carefully erected phallic-shaped statutes.
The legend goes that a hard-working fisherman left his virgin girlfriend on the rocks while he caught fish in the sea. A dreadful storm hit and the young girl died.
Following her death none of the villagers were able to catch any fish so the tried to please the virgin by surrounding the area with giant model penises.
Apparently this was success and they were able to resume fishing as normal. Today the park has dozens of giant manhood models as well as sexual icons, cultural art and history of the fishing village.
Gum Wall, Seattle
Alamy10 The "germtastic" attraction in Seattle
This germtastic tourist attraction is a local landmark in downtown Seattle.
The Market Theatre Gum Wall is attracts cheerful chewers from all over who flock to the bizarre attraction to contribute their saliva soaked gum. In some areas the thick covering is several inches thick.
In 2015 the wall was completely cleaned but has quickly been restored to its former colourful glory.
Kingdom of the Little People, China
Alamy10 China's controversial Kingdom of the Little People on hires staff under 4 foot 3 inches
One of the most controversial attractions on our list this Chinese park only hires only employs staff who are shorter than 4 foot 3 inches.
The staff then perform for visitors, singing, dancing and acting out fairy tales and ballets.
Related storiesRooms for improvement From phallic towel arrangements to see-through toilet doors, here's our round-up of the funniest hotel fails PicturedNOW THAT'S DEDICATION Group of tourists erect a storm shelter at Loch Ness then get INSIDE it to enjoy a picnic Spine tingling From creepy castles to spooky hotels: Inside Britain’s most haunted county Slavery! Sex abuse! Suffering! Inside Chile’s sinister Nazi torture cult… that is now a German-themed tourist resort 
Erotkaland, Brazil
youtube10 Brazil’s first adult-only sex theme park will feature cinemas with seats that vibrate and a nudist pool
Erotkaland is yet to open its door but when work is completed in 2018 it promises to be the a sea of saucy sights.
Brazil’s first adult-only sex theme park will feature cinemas with seats that vibrate, a train of pleasure, go-go boys and girls, a nudist pool and genitalia shaped bumper car rides.
Dig This, Las Vegas
Alamy10 Dig This allows grown-ups to play with real bulldozers
Big kids form an orderly queue at Las Vegas fun-park Dig This, offers adults the opportunity to get behind the wheel of some of the biggest construction vehicles in the business.
Try your hand at bulldozing, excavating and digging in their giant sandpit.
Jeju Loveland, South Korea
10 Jeju Loveland is home to 140 different sexually themed works of art
Just ten miles away from Jeju International Ariport is South Korea’s Loveland.
A haven for all things erotic the park plays host to 140 different sexually themed works of art.
Established in 2004 by a group of local art students the park is designed to “highlight natural beauty of sexuality.”
Carhenge, Nebraska
Alamy10 Carhenge is a free attraction, open every day of the year
Sat on the western side of Nebraska’s Sandhills, Carhenge was built by Jim Reinders in memory of his late father.
The unique “car sculpture” has been carefully crafted from 38 defunct vehicles.
Completely free of charge, visitors can drop by to marvel at the spray-silver installation any day of the week.
Yunessun Spa Resort, Japan
Getty Images10 Guests at Yunessun Spa Resort in Japan are invited to bathe in red wine
After a long day at work, we’ve all contemplated getting in a bath tub full of red wine but at this spa in Japan that dream can become a reality.
Guests are invited to immerse themselves in a pool full of red wine for a boozy “cleanse”.
Unfortunately you’ve got to plan you trip well as the body-rejuvenating service is only available for 12 days of the year and for those who prefer an alternative tipple, green tea, sake and coffee baths are also on offer.
Haw Par Villa, Singapore
Alamy10 Some of the scene depicted at Haw Par Villa are pretty gruesome
This gruesome theme park contains 150 giant models depicting often scenes from Chinese mythology.
The attractions are often nightmare-inducing scenes of graphic violence,  so not one for the faint-hearted.
Kutna Hora Bone Church, Czech Republic
Getty Images10 Kutna Hora Bone Church's walls are lined with bones and skulls
This spectacular church is just an hour outside of Czech Republic’s capital city, Prague.
The chapel’s walls are lined with bones and skulls all ornately arranged and displayed.
It is estimated to house between 40,000 and 70,000 the majority of whom are thought to have died in the plague in the early 1300s.

