Demba Ba thanks thousands of well-wishers and feels ‘blessed’ on return home after career-threatening leg-break
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/1516970/demba-ba-thanks-thousands-of-well-wishers-and-feels-blessed-on-return-home-after-career-threatening-leg-break/
28th July 2016, 7:54 pm
BROKEN-LEG victim Demba Ba insists he feels 'blessed' after he thanked thousands of well-wishers on his return home.
The former Chelsea striker's career was left in doubt following an horrific injury for Shanghai Shenhua in a Chinese Super League derby 11 days ago.

Instagram7 Ex-Toon pal Obafemi Martins was one of the first people to visit Ba in hospital
Getty Images7 Ba needed oxygen due to the pain following his leg break in the Shanghai derby
Getty Images7 Ba was in agony following the challenge from Shanghai SIPG ace Sun Xiang
But Ba, 31, took to Instagram to post words as upbeat as his relaxed smile from a sofa.
The Senegal superstar said: "Feels good to be back home after 10 days at the hospital.
Thanks once again to everyone single one of you guys in every corner of the world .
"I feel blessed al hamdulillah.#shanghai #shenhua #narakumfijannah#bigblackkartal #peace #rs And i finally cut my hairs and took a PROPER shower."
Ba's positive response typifies a spirit that drew messages of encouragement from fellow players and the public.
Getty Images7 Shenhua hitman Ba is is much better spirits following surgery on his broken leg
News Group Newspapers Ltd7 Ba has been a popular figure with Chinese Super League big-hitters Shenhua
News Group Newspapers Ltd7 Demba Ba is famous among Chelsea fans for his success against Liverpool
Action Images7 Ba bagged this goal at Swansea as one of seven strikes in 33 games for Chelsea
And his forward-looking attitude began the moment he woke in hospital following an injury as he immediately asked: "Did we win the game?"
Shenhua did, indeed - trailing before triumphing 2-1 against City rivals Shanghai SIPG.
Ba has been one of the stars of the burgeoning Chinese League, top-scoring this season with 14 goals in 18 games before his injury.
But the fateful challenge from SIPG's China left-back Sun Xiang, 34, led to surgery that could rule Ba out for six months.
And such a lay-off will inevitably leave question marks over any comeback plans.
RELATED STORIESRAISING THE BA Demba Ba begins rehab work two days after surgery on horrific broken leg Warning GraphicDid we win? Demba Ba's first words after waking up in hospital following horrific leg break during Chinese Super League match GERRARD'S GOT THE BLUES Chelsea fans make hilarious banner mocking Steven Gerrard ahead of Liverpool friendly KANTE-NESE N'Golo Kante eyed by moneybags Chinese Super League outfit Shanghai SIPG with Real Madrid, Juventus and PSG… CASHING IN Football's superstars lured to the Far East by mega-rich Chinese Super League deals Warning Graphichorror injury Demba Ba suffers potentially career-ending leg break during Chinese Super League game 
Ba's Chelsea career of seven strikes in 33 games included a fans' favourite moment of ending Liverpool's title dream.
He punished Steven Gerrard's slip with the opener in a 2-0 away win at Anfield.
Before his sole season at Stamford Bridge, Ba shone in the Prem for West Ham and, especially, Newcastle, where his 29 goals came in just 54 matches.
Then last year Ba swapped Turkey giants Besiktas for the dripping-rich set-up in China.
 


