Mario Balotelli to Besiktas: Liverpool summer exit in flop’s sights as Turkish giants claim ‘we want him and he wants us’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/1511292/mario-balotelli-to-besiktas-liverpool-summer-exit-in-flops-sights-as-turkish-giants-claim-we-want-him-and-he-wants-us/
27th July 2016, 4:11 pm
MARIO BALOTELLI looks to have found a way out of his Liverpool nightmare thanks to Turkish side Besiktas.
The former Manchester City star scored just one Premier League goal in 16 appearances after moving to Anfield in 2014, and was shipped straight back to AC Milan on loan.
 
PA:Press Association6 Mario Balotelli looks set to leave Liverpool for Besiktas
PA:Press Association6 Jurgen Klopp is desperate to offload the flop this summer
But hopes of a permanent San Siro deal were ruined after Balotelli against scored just once in the league, leaving Reds boss Jurgen Klopp with another problem to sort out.
The German has no room for Balotelli in his squad, especially with the presence of strikers including Daniel Sturridge, Christian Benteke and Divock Origi.
And while Balotelli has been training with the kids instead of linking up for Liverpool’s pre-season tour, finding a buyer has been harder than expected.
Serie A giants Inter Milan and Sampdoria decided not to follow up on their initial interest, while there were no late offers from the Chinese Super League on their transfer deadline day.
Related StoriesCHERRIES BAG SMITH Liverpool's Brad Smith signs for Bournemouth - following same route Jordon Ibe in joining Cherries KOP IDOL New Liverpool star Georginio Wijnaldum still cherishes Fernando Torres top he nabbed mid-fight Jurgen's the Man £30m Liverpool ace Sadio Mane snubbed Manchester United to work under Jurgen Klopp at Anfield Mario no-go Liverpool have £33.5m bid for Joao Mario rejected as Jurgen Klopp eyes talented midfielder sakho home Mamadou Sakho's Liverpool future in doubt after he's sent home from the club’s pre-season tour of US 
PA:Press Association6 Balotelli scored just one Premier League goal in his sole season at Anfield
PA:Press Association6 Balotelli is behind strikers including Christian Benteke at the Reds
But it now appears that Balotelli will indeed get his move away from Merseyside, with Besiktas claiming he is desperate to join them ahead of the new Turkish season.
Likewise, Besiktas are keen to sign Balotelli as quickly as possible, and president Fikret Orman reckons the Italian still has the quality to turn his career around, echoing former teammate Andre Pirlo.
Orman said: “Balotelli is the type of footballer that our fans can associate themselves with. I’m pretty sure he would attract great attention.
“To be fair, if he wasn’t deemed as a trouble-maker, he wouldn’t be rumoured to be joining us. But we can show some effort and create solutions for Balotelli’s infamous troubles.
EPA6 Balotelli's poor form saw him fail to land a permanent move to AC Milan
PA:Press Association6 Besiktas are desperate to help Balotelli realise his dream of winning the Ballon d'Or
“I think he can change with the attention and care he’ll receive in Turkey. In short, we want Mario Balotelli and he wants us too.”
Whether a move to Besiktas will help Balotelli realise his dream of winning the Ballon d’Or remains to be seen though, with the striker revealing earlier this month: “I will win the Ballon d’Or.
“The Ballon d’Or might seem laughable and I might have done everything to be the best, but the important thing is I realised it’s not too late.
“I don’t want to reach the end of my career with the regret of not doing everything I can to be the best. I am completely relaxed though, as I’m aware that in the last two years things have changed completely.”


