You’ve been pronouncing Sega, Ikea and Casio wrong for YEARS
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/8276885/brand-names-say-wrong-pronounce-language/
25th January 2019, 11:25 am
YOU'VE probably been saying them all for years, but a language coach has revealed just how hopeless we are at pronouncing common brand names.
While some names may be tricky, such as Huawei, Lucy explained how to properly say even simple-sounding names such as Ikea.
English with Lucy/youtube
Posting a video to her YouTube blog, English with Lucy, the clip has racked up more than 95,000 views as people school themselves in the 11 brand names.
She begins with the tricky Huawei, explaining it’s a Chinese brand with lots of variations on how to pronounce it.
Lucy says: “But it should be ‘huah-wey’.”
Another common name Lucy revealed is often mispronounced is Adobe.

The proper method is ‘uh-doh-be’, and she added a lot of people will sound out the ‘e’ on the end for no reason.
Third on the list is everyone’s favourite Swedish furniture store, Ikea.
So if you’re planning any home improvements – take note as Lucy says the actual pronunciation is ‘ee-kay-uh’.
Next up, Lucy says: “If you’re really posh you’ll have a washing machine and a dishwasher from this brand.”
German company Miele – the surname of the founder – should be pronounced ‘mee-l(uh)’.
English with Lucy/youtube
If like the rest of us you have a Bosch washing machine, turns out you might have been saying that wrong as well.
Lucy explains it’s very simple to get it right, just drop that c and pronounce it as ‘bosh’.
If you’re a fan of time pieces, then take note before asking for one of these brands in the shop.
Lucy says Tag Heuer should be sounded out as ‘tag haw-yuh’, and fellow watch branch Casio should in fact be ‘kash-ee-oh’ – another surname of the founder.
And one of the most famous watch brands, Rolex is a French brand, so we really need to roll those Rs.
Lucy says it should be sounded out as ‘(r) o-lex’.
English with Lucy/youtube
The stuff of childhood dreams, Sega is a Japanese brand so we’ve likely been saying it wrong all our lives as well.
Lucy said: “I have very happy memories of playing these games as a kid.”
But it should be said as ‘seh-gah’.
Inkeeping with the tech theme, Lucy explains: “This one definitely shocked me.”
Asus should be pronounced as ‘ei-zooss’.
If you’re reading this on your smartphone and it’s an Android, take note as Samsung is next on the list.
The tech giant’s true pronunciation is actually ‘sam-song’.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit 
We recently revealed a cleaning blogger sparked outrages by saying a vacuum is the perfect Christmas present for women.
In other news, we revealed a mum uses a denture cleaning solution to clean her sofa in minutes.
And Mrs Hinch is raving about slippers that polish the floor as you walk around.
Adorable moment girl, 2, keeps saying 'f***' as she can't pronounce 'fox'
Book a holiday from £9.50 with The Sun!
FANCY getting away from it all?
Our Hols from £9.50 are back! 
This means you could book a break at one of 333 holiday parks across the UK and abroad, for under a tenner!
All you need to do is collect TEN Sun Savers codes or TEN tokens or codewords printed in The Sun. This round is running between Saturday, January 5 and Tuesday, January 29.
If you’re collecting Sun Savers codes: ENTER YOUR CODES HERE
If you're collecting tokens or codewords use the booking form or book online at thesun.co.uk/holidays

Price per person based on four sharing. Subject to availability. Terms and conditions and date restrictions apply. For full T&Cs see thesun.co.uk/holidays.



