Galacticos put on red alert as mega rich new Chinese owners look for major overhaul at AC Milan
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/1400673/galacticos-put-on-red-alert-as-mega-rich-new-chinese-owners-look-for-major-overhaul-at-ac-milan/
6th July 2016, 5:44 pm
GARETH BALE, Paul Pogba, Carlos Bacca and Gonzalo Higuain all in the same team...
Well, AC Milan have been sold to an anonymous Chinese consortium and Italian fans are thinking big.
PA:Press Association5 Would Gareth Bale fancy himself in an AC Milan shirt?
AP:Associated Press5 Juventus ace Paul Pogba could be a target for AC Milan's Chinese buyers
The deal has been confirmed former Italian president Silvio Berlusconi, the principle owner of the Rossoneri.
The Chinese group are thought to have paid at least £300million for Milan and the now everyone is wondering what players the club can buy with their new backers.
Mats Hummels was the jewel in the crown but he just left Borussia Dortmund to join Bayern Munich so it’s surely inconceivable that he’ll now move to the Serie A powerhouse anytime soon.
Related StoriesTEARY TEARY ME Ricardo Quaresma has had an up and down career, could this be why he has two teardrops? GUESS WHO'S BACK Middlesbrough swoop for ex-Man United man Robin van Persie ExclusiveVIC IN THE STICKS Former Barceloana keeper Victor Valdes to have medical with promoted Middlesbrough ZLAT WAGE CUT How Brexit has hurt Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s earnings following his move from PSG to Manchester United 
But money talks and other stand out names in a possible new team include Welsh hero Bale, should Real Madrid be of a mind to sell, Juventus' midfield dynamo Pogba and Napoli's Argentinian ace Gonzalo Higuain to join Colombian international Bacca who is already at Milan.
There are a few flies in the ointment...Bacca, for instance, is a target for West Ham having scored 20 goals last season.
Getty Images5 Colombian Carlos Bacca might welcome some mega stars alongside him
Getty Images5 Gonzalo Higuain of Real Madrid could be another big name target
And the other players would be hard to shift from their present clubs.
But you never know and AC followers love to dream.
So could the Chinese check in with the following line-up:
5 You never know...let's stretch the imagination and dream of an AC Milan team like this
 
 

