Chelsea given huge boost in race to sign Romelu Lukaku as Mino Raiola claims that no Italian club can afford the Everton ace
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/1322865/chelsea-given-huge-boost-in-race-to-sign-romelu-lukaku-as-mino-raiola-claims-that-no-italian-club-can-afford-the-everton-ace/
22nd June 2016, 11:21 am
CHELSEA have been given a boost in their reported pursuit of Everton’s Romelu Lukaku after his agent ruled out a move to Italy.
The Belgian striker is widely expected to leave Goodison Park this summer despite the appointment of new boss Ronald Koeman.
PA:Press Association6 Romelu Lukaku's agent claims no Italian club can afford to buy his client
PA:Press Association6 New Everton boss Ronald Koeman wants to keep Lukaku at Goodison Park
Lukaku is looking to test himself at an elite European club, and former side Chelsea have been linked with a big-money bid just two years after selling him to the Toffees.
Lukaku has also been the victim of an 'Away Day' robbery and is keen on a change of scenery.
Manchester United are also said to be interested, with the likes of Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain monitoring the situation too.
Serie A champions Juventus are allegedly the latest team to join the race for Lukaku, but it appears the 23-year-old won’t be heading to Turin following agent Mino Raiola’s latest comments.
Related StoriesLuk-ing to remain Romelu Lukaku's agent says Chelsea and Juventus target could stay at Everton Ron wants Akou Everton after £16m Porto star Vincent Aboubakar to partner Juventus target Romelu Lukaku Smooth Blues New Chelsea boss Antonio Conte backed to bring 'seductive' football to Stamford Bridge by former star ExclusiveWILLIAN A STAYER Willian set to sign new four-year deal at Chelsea despite Manchester United interest No way Jose Chelsea star Cesar Azpilicueta denies he's been in touch with Jose Mourinho over Man Utd move 
Reuters6 The powerful striker is currently on international duty with Belgium
PA:Press Association6 Raiola represents a number of top stars including Zlatan Ibrahimovic
The outspoken negotiator, who represents stars including Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Paul Pogba, is keen to secure the best deal possible for Lukaku and claims that no team in Italy has enough cash to land him.
Raiola told Sportwereld: “No doubt Romelu has the necessary skills to play in Italy.
“However, no Italian club can afford to sign him at the moment. He is too expensive for any Serie A club unless that Chinese investment group takes over AC Milan.”
Reuters6 Lukaku has a number of top European teams chasing his signature
Getty Images6 Raiola has told clients including Paul Pogba to focus on Euro 2016 instead of a transfer
Raiola also believes his clients should be solely focused on performing well at Euro 2016 in order to gain their dream moves this summer.
He added: “Paul Pogba, Zlatan Ibrahimovic or Romelu shouldn’t be concerned about their future right now.
“Their duty is to perform well in the European Championship.”


