Queen asks guests at VIP dinner for their views on EU ahead of Brexit vote
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/1320632/queen-asks-guests-at-vip-dinner-for-their-views-on-eu-ahead-of-brexit-vote/
21st June 2016, 10:07 pm
THE Queen asked VIP guests at a private dinner: “Give me three good reasons why Britain should be part of Europe.”
Royal biographer Robert Lacey revealed she asked close friends and family their views on whether we should be in or out of the EU.
News Group Newspapers Ltd7 Biographer reveals that the Queen may 'feel we should be Out'...but likes a debate
He said yesterday: “The Queen has no vote but I think she may feel we should be Out.
“That’s only my guess as to her thoughts — but she does like robust debate.
“She likes a debate around the table like all of us round the country and she’s been debating Brexit with close friends and family.
Related storiesExclusiveMAKE BRITAIN GREAT AGAIN Cameron blasts Brexit-backing Michael Gove for 'Donald Trump' style tactics in debate Pound to take a pounding George Soros warns Brexit will trigger Sterling plunge greater than Black Wednesday ExclusiveDon't be fuels PM claims Brexit will slap extra £200 on motorists' fuel bills ExclusiveJUST THE BUSINESS One hundred small firm bosses call for Brexit and condemn EU red tape Warsi at war Senior Tory switches from Leave to Remain after accusing Brexit camp of spreading 'hate and xenophobia' beleave in britain Boris Johnson urges voters to back Brexit and change course of history - or risk waking up disappointed and 'hungover' if we Remain 
“But from what I’ve heard, she’s been very careful to be scrupulously neutral.”
Mr Lacey said the Queen was questioning dinner guests, thought to include Prince Andrew and Princess Anne, at a private dinner a few weeks ago.
PA:Press Association7 Dinner guests are thought to include Princess Ann (pictured)...and Prince Andrew
In a blog for the Daily Beast he wrote that history would show The Queen was “impeccably non-political in public.”
He added “But in private it is a different story.
“Her Majesty can be refreshingly outspoken among friends, as we discovered from her comments last month on the ‘very rude’ Chinese delegation in London.
“The same is true when it comes to Europe.
PA:Press Association Wire7 'Give me three good reasons why Britain should be part of Europe'...she asked
“’Give me THREE good reasons’ she has, apparently, been asking her dinner companions recently, ‘why Britain should be part of Europe?’
“I think, as is clear with the Abu Hamza case, she shares the same frustrations that everyone feels.”
R TWISK / r.g.twisk24@btinternet.com>7 Royal biographer Robert Lacey said the Queen was 'questioning' guests
Mr Lacey was referring to The Queen’s conversation with a BBC reporter in 2012 in which she expressed concern about why fanatical Islamic preacher Abu Hamza could not be arrested and extradited.
In his blog, Mr Lacey outlined the reasons why the Queen should support Remain.
Getty Images7 Brexit campaigners are delighted the Queen is asking if we should be in the EU
But speaking to the Sun yesterday, he said: “My original piece finished by querying if she did have a vote, she may not agree with me.
“She has no vote. Everyone else in the Royal Family does but the close members of the family won’t be voting either.
“She’s playing it with a straight bat. She’s a very thoughtful Eurosceptic but whether that means she would vote in or out, if she could, does not necessarily follow.”
PA:Press Association7 Her Majesty demonstrated strong feelings on EU...during a 'bust-up' with Clegg

The Sun told in March how Her Majesty demonstrated her strong feelings on Europe during a bust-up with Nick Clegg at a Windsor Castle lunch,
Brexit campaigners were delighted Her Majesty is asking if we should be in the EU.
Tory MP Jacob Rees Mogg said: “For Queen and country we should all BeLeave in Brexit.”
Bernard Jenkin MP added: “I don’t comment about Her Majesty, but I cannot think of three reasons why we should stay.”
Buckingham Palace declined to comment.
Alamy7 Prime Minister made a TV plea...for older voters to back Remain
David Cameron yesterday made a TV plea to wavering older voters to back Remain.

In a live lunchtime address, he said he wanted to talk to undecideds aged over 50 and urged them:
“Think about the hopes and dreams of your children and grandchildren.”
But the PM’s Brexit-backing ex-aide Steve Hilton said the stunt was “weird.”

