Is comic book geek and X-Men star Olivia Munn every man’s fantasy?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/1198170/olivia-munn-comic-book-geek/
18th May 2016, 6:59 am
SHE’S the comic book geek who loves to strip off and show her wicked side.
So it’s little wonder Olivia Munn was picked to play villain Psylocke in X-Men: Apocalypse — and admit to needing lube to ease her curves into her catsuit.
12 Premiere star ... Olivia Munn attends a Global Fan Screening of 'X-Men Apocalypse' at BFI IMAX
Legions of lads have gone gaga for the 35-year-old, who is just as naughty off-screen as she is on it as the mind-reading bad girl in Marvel’s latest superhero blockbuster, out today.
Olivia has posed for Playboy, is a fan of phone sex and once gamely dived into a gigantic cream pie while dressed as a French maid.
But exactly who is this “GeekGoddess” who refuses to take herself too seriously?
After getting her break as a presenter on Fox Sports in LA, she built a huge following hosting late-night videogame series Attack of the Show!, where she engaged in racy antics such as her pie stunt and suggestively munching on sausages.
Her fans — the OMFG (Olivia Munn Fan Group) — loved that she was also a serious gamer and Star Wars superfan who once went to a comic convention dressed in Princess Leia’s gold bikini.
Nothing seemed to be off-limits during her four-year stint on the show from 2006 — or after she left.
In 2010 she released a racy book of essays called Suck It, Wonder Woman! — a New York Times bestseller — in which she shares her own brand of risque advice and recollections.
 
She writes that “sex is natural and sex is good” and sets out a manifesto for being better in bed, including sexting a new partner and talking dirty early on in a relationship.
In one chapter she advises: “Talking dirty is so important in sex. And it’s pretty easy. I think a simple text message from the beginning of the relationship is perfect. Forget everything you have seen in porn. Describe how it feels for you, how you want it to feel for her.”
Another X-rated tip suggests how best to enjoy al fresco sex. She writes: “If you are driving by yourself and see a place in the road that looks great for f***ing — a clearing in the woods — remember it and then drive back by with her in the car.
“Pretend like you just thought of it.”
12 Film ... Olivia Munn, Oscar Isaac and Michael Fassbender in new X-Men film
12 Catsuit ... Olivia Munn was picked to play villain Psylocke in X-Men: Apocalypse
 
In the book Olivia also recalls, without a hint of shame, how she once got so drunk on tequila at a wedding in Mexico she had to be saved from drowning by her boyfriend after plunging into the sea fully clothed. The night ended with her getting intimate with a female member of the wedding party.
She says: “I strip down and the maid of honour and I jump in the shower and warm up under the single showerhead. The next thing I know I’m kissing her with the water falling on top of us. I never, ever, ever kissed a girl or even came close to that. This was my first brush with a lesbian experience.”
She also recounts a stomach-churning tale from her early days in Hollywood.
While visiting a pal on a movie set Olivia found herself delivering lunch to the trailer of “a famous blockbuster director.” To her horror the man began to pleasure himself in front of her, all the while clutching the shrimp she brought him in his other hand.
Olivia did little to quell her raunchy reputation when she was snapped in 2009 emerging from an LA sex shop clutching two boxes of condoms. At the time she was reportedly dating Star Trek actor Chris Pine, 35.
However, for the past two years she has been in a relationship with Aaron Rodgers. The 32-year-old, the star quarterback for the Green Bay Packers NFL team, is one of the world’s highest-paid sports stars, and has a $110million five-year deal with his team.
12 Host ... on late-night videogame series Attack of the Show!
While starting a family is not in their plans yet, Olivia admitted freezing her eggs “years ago”.
She said: “Every woman should know that there is this option and exercise it if they want to.”
While comfortable courting controversy, Olivia has not always been happy to brush off criticism.
Her cream-pie dive was slammed in some corners as “degrading”. Dessert-obsessed Olivia hit back saying it was empowering and even lifted up her shirt on TV to show how her love of sweet treats had left her unable to do up her jeans.
She said of the pie stunt: “I’m proud of that moment. I’m proud young girls out there can see that a girl who has hips, a butt and some fat on her arms can get a chance to make it in Hollywood. I can have my pie and eat it, too — and then have some more when no one is looking.”
After leaving Attack of the Show! she landed a coveted slot as a correspondent on popular US news satire programme The Daily Show.
12 Diving ... Olivia loves pie
12 Racy antics ... such as her giant cream pie stunt
 
12 Jumped ... sexy Olivia covered in cream
 
Critics complained she was hired for her looks rather than her comic abilities. Defending herself she said: “I’m easy to hate. I get it. I know what it’s like to not think it’s fair for someone to look a certain way and also get their dream job.
“But it is ridiculous to say a woman can’t be funny and also be sexy.”
After landing bit-part acting roles in 2010 films Date Night and Iron Man 2,
she starred in NBC sitcom Perfect Couples and heavyweight HBO political drama The Newsroom.
12 Mouthful ... suggestively munching on sausages
Producer Jon Pollack, who worked with her on Perfect Couples, said: “What’s great about Olivia is she understands herself and just goes for it. She’s not self-conscious or afraid of being goofy, even though she’s obviously beautiful.”
With more supporting roles to add to her CV, including in 2012’s Magic Mike, Olivia turned down being Ryan Reynolds’ love interest in Deadpool, another of this year’s Marvel films, as “she didn’t want to be the girlfriend again”.
Even before signing up to X-Men: Apocalypse she wanted to ensure she had a fight scene and was not being used as “the eye candy”.
She knows the Marvel Universe inside-out — nerdy knowledge that may have something to do with her upbringing.
Her Chinese mother and American father split up when she was two and when her mum remarried — to a “horrible” US Air Force officer — Olivia and brother John “lived in hell” growing up in Japan, where their stepdad was stationed.
12 Career ... actress Olivia wanted to ensure she had a fight scene and was not being used as 'the eye candy'
They divorced when Olivia was 16 but she struggled to make friends when they moved back to the US.
However, she found solace in one group, recalling: “Through every school, state and country, the one group of kids I could always count on to be sweet and welcoming and let me eat lunch with them was the geeks.”
She later moved in with her grandparents while studying journalism at Oklahoma University. Tragically, Olivia saw her grandmother collapse and die in front of her and was plagued with guilt for snapping at her just hours earlier. Olivia also believes her turbulent upbringing helped forge a strong bond with her fans.
But she joked that she probably disappointed them when she posed for Playboy in 2009, although she drew the line at going nude.
12 Serious gamer ... Star Wars superfan who once went to a comic convention dressed in Princess Leia's gold bikini
12 Posing ... Olivia was happy to do a Playboy spread
She said: “It did mean something for me to be on the cover. I’m very open about the fact that it’s nice when someone says you’re pretty.
“I have a vivid memory of my stepfather saying to my mum, “Olivia isn’t very pretty is she?’. I remember looking at myself in the mirror that night and hitting myself over and over.
“It was the sort of childhood that makes you either desperate and suicidal or makes you see the humour in almost every situation.
“I chose laughs.”
12 All heart ... Olivia Munn arriving for The All-Star Dog Rescue Celebration

 

