Leave items sitting in your online basket and seven other ways to save hundreds of pounds a year
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/living/1119019/leave-items-sitting-in-your-online-basket-and-seven-other-ways-to-save-hundreds-of-pounds-a-year/
7th April 2016, 4:41 pm
WHO doesn't want to find ways to save cash? Check out our expert panel's
purse-friendly pointers.
Fashion

Natasha Rachel Smith, consumer affairs editor at Topcashback.co.uk,
says: “There’s a science to savvy clothes shopping online. Found your dream
dress?
Add it to your basket and leave it for a couple of days. Retailers see
shoppers’ activity, so many will remind you about your purchase with an
email, often including a discount code to motivate you to buy it.
For extra cash, download the Topcashback Notifier desktop app. It sits within
your browser and lets you know when you’re visiting a website that offers
cashback on purchases.
It’s also worth following your favourite clothes shops on social media and
signing up for newsletters. Many brands throw private flash sales for their
followers as a reward for loyalty.”
Holidays

Kash Bhattacharya, travel blogger at Budgettraveller.org,
says: “Always book your flights three months in advance, as that’s when
fares are cheapest.
The secret to rock-bottom fares on most routes? Travel on a Tuesday and return
midweek, avoiding weekends if you can.
Download the Skyscanner app to find the best price, and be aware that taking
the bus or train to your destination can work out cheaper.
If you’re avoiding flying, trip-planning websites such as Rome2rio.com
or Gopili.com can
help with routes.
For accommodation, download the Hostelworld app and swap chain hotels for
luxury hostels, which have private rooms, decent Wi-Fi and the socialising
benefits of a hostel.
Homestays – where you spend your holiday in the home of locals, sometimes with
the family themselves – are also an affordable way to enjoy an authentic
experience of the place you’re staying in.
Visit Homestay.com, Nightswapping.com,
Couchsurfing.com
and Wwoof.org.uk.
You’ll never need to pay over the odds for a sub-standard experience ever
again.”
Property

Sarah Beeny, property expert and founder of Tepilo, says: “Use an online
estate agent when selling your home. Without high-street offices (which
charge between 1 and 3.5 per cent of the selling price), they’re able to
charge much lower, flat-rate fees for selling your home, usually around
£400-£1,000.
When it comes to sprucing up your property to wow potential buyers, there are
a few things you can do to add value.
If you have a front garden, no matter how small, don’t let it become a
glorified dustbin – it’s the first thing potential buyers see, after all.
And if you’ve got a small hallway or landing, cover the walls with framed
pictures to encourage people to stop and look.
The time they spend lingering will psychologically turn the area into an extra
space. It works every time.”
Dating

Dani Waller, dating expert at Speeddater.co.uk,
says: “Drinks, dinners¿ dating can be an expensive game, especially with the
average cost of a first date hitting £100.
But there are ways to save. Download an app such as Drinki or Dojo, which
source great venues with cool offers.
My personal fave is Be At One’s Appi Hour – this allows you to have happy hour
whenever you choose at one of the chain’s bars.
You could also try a dating event. Speedater.co.uk
runs buy-one-get-one free offers, so you can bring your mate for nothing.
Finally, a peeved friend told me recently that so-called ‘free’ dating apps
had zapped her phone’s data allowance and increased her bill, so remember to
switch on your Wi-Fi before swiping.”
Tech
Mark Wilson, features editor at gadget magazine Stuff, says: “The best way to
save money on smartphones is by paying for the handset upfront, rather than
over a contract.
For example, buying an iPhone 6S outright with a SIM-only contract will, on
average, save you £336 compared to a two-year deal from one of the big
networks. The same is true of top-end Android phones, though they usually
cost less to buy outright.
It’s also worth considering Chinese brands such as Xiaomi – its phones often
boast similar specs to those by Samsung or LG for a fraction of the cost.
For general tech shopping, there are two big ways for you to save cash.

READ MORE
Could
your iPhone cut your beauty spending in half?
Ten
ways to save on spring cleaning
Revealed:
Why men spend a small fortune on engagement rings

First, ditch traditional price comparison services for a web browser plug-in
(these are additional pieces of software that will enhance the function of a
computer programme), like Invisible Hand. It’ll alert you when a product
you’re browsing is cheaper elsewhere.
Regularly shop on Amazon? Another plug-in called The Camelizer shows you a
product’s recent prices on a graph. The HotUKDeals plug-in for web browsers
Chrome and Firefox also shows other deals customers have taken advantage of.
Finally, get your timing right. For many gadgets, it’s best to buy last year’s
model just after a newer version is announced.”
Motoring

Maria McCarthy, motoring expert and author of The Girls’ Car Handbook, says:
“A free valuation from Parkers.co.uk
lets you know how much you should be paying to buy from either a car dealer
or a private seller.
If you’re selling, it’ll also show you what your car is worth.
Is your motor headed for the scrapyard? Type the registration number and
postcode into Cartakeback.com
for an instant quote.
Don’t pay over the odds for fuel, either. Petrolprices.com
contains information for 8,490 petrol stations so you can find the cheapest
place in your area.”
Groceries

Madeleine Shaw, nutritional health coach and author of Ready, Steady, Glow,
says: “Store cupboard essentials, such as nuts, seeds, spices and grains can
all be bought online – I use Amazon.co.uk
– in 1kg quantities. By buying in bulk you’ll save cash.
Another tip is to visit your local farmers’ market, as the produce is often
cheaper and fresher than from supermarkets.
Buy food that’s in season, too. There will be more of it around, so it’ll be
lower in price.”
Pensions
Kirsty Anderson, Prudential retirement expert, says: “Planning ahead and
taking control of your retirement fund is something we should all be doing,
however boring it might sound.
If you’re unsure where to start, head to Unbiased.co.uk,
which has a countdown checklist to help you cost-effectively plan for your
retirement.
It’s also easy to forget about pensions from previous jobs, so use the Pension
Tracing Service to track them down.
And regardless of your income, if you save £2,880 a year into a pension, the
government will contribute an extra £720 per year.
Finally, last month’s Budget had some important news for 18 to 40 year olds.
From April 2017 youcan open a new Lifetime ISA to save for retirement or
buying a house, and pay in up to £4,000 a year.
Any savings you put into it before you reach the age of 50 will receive an
added 25 per cent bonus from the government – visit Gov.uk
to find out more.”

