Illegal ‘white monkey’ Western students who burst balloons with their buttocks used as sex props in Chinese trade shows sparking fury
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8259164/western-students-sex-props-chinese-trade-shows/
23rd January 2019, 12:08 pm
THE authorities in China are clamping down on 'white monkey' trade shows where Westerners are used as bizarre 'sex props' in busy shopping malls.
The illegal 'rent-a-foreigner' events are commonplace outside the major cities and attract skint students and backpackers looking to earn a quick buck.
Splash News4 Western 'models' are paid more if they flash the flesh
While most of the promotional jobs on offer are dodgy but mundane, like posing as a genuine doctor, scientist or teacher, others roles are far more outrageous.
During one recent show, muscular foreign males were told to walk down a catwalk topless before taking part in “sex games” in front of gawping locals.
Western couples were also called to the stage by an MC before they were given balloons to burst using different sexual position with their buttocks, reports the SCMP.
“A guy will lie down on stage, and a woman would be asked to show how she would seduce him - dancing around doing sexy moves," reveals Alice, who recruits the performing 'monkeys'.
She reveals her  'employees' are rewarded with extra cash if they flash the flesh.
If a girl wears a bikini or a guy is topless, there is an extra couple of hundredAlice, 'white monkey' agent
“The standard rate per day is between 800 and 1,000 yuan (£90 and £110),” Alice explained, “but if a girl wears a bikini or a guy is topless, there is an extra couple of hundred.”
“Most are here on student visas to learn Chinese, but they never go to class,” she claimed.
“Chinese want the most foreign-looking foreigners possible - dark eyes and dark hair are a no-no. Sharp facial features are no good, either.
"They want tall, with white skin, blond hair, blue eyes, and a round, cute face. Muscles are very good – there are many topless jobs for guys with good muscles.”
One former 'monkey' told how he was bizarrely hired to pose as a US businessman in China to sign a multi-million pound contract.
Sometime foreigners are paid to sit in fake houses - just to be stared at by the localsFormer 'white monkey' worker
He revealed: "I visited this company HQ and met all the bosses. They knew I was phoney because they had hired me. However, no one said a word and I just signed the paperwork for the photographers.
"Some of my friends have even posed as teachers when a school has an open day, just so the parents think they have foreign teachers on the staff.
"In vast parts of China they never see foreigners, so they are still seen as some kind of special status symbol.
"Sometime foreigners are paid to sit in fake houses - just to be stared at by the locals."
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
One of the most bizarre job offers was when one US student was asked to play a Presidential emissary visiting a business complex.
The company behind the schemes wanted to portray the image their new development was so magnificent that it had even managed to catch the attention of the White House.
They were even planning on forging fake US State Department credentials to help pull off the scam.
Getty - Contributor4 Using Western looking models is said to boost the image of a Chinese company
4 Western faces are still a rare sight in swathes of rural China
4 The promotional jobs range from the mundane to the bizarre
Dream Empire doc reveals how western actors are used to turn remote Chinese ghost towns into temporary international booming cities
 

