Honor View 20 global launch – hands on, release date, specs, price and features revealed
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/8247345/honor-view-20-global-launch-hands-on-release-date-specs-price-features/
22nd January 2019, 7:00 pm
CHINESE smartphone maker Honor has released its latest smartphone worldwide – and the gadget comes with an all-new 'hole-punch' selfie camera design.
The company – an offshoot of smartphone giant Huawei – launched the Honor View 20 at a lavish event in Paris on Tuesday.
10 The Honor View 20 has launched worldwide
the sun10 The View 20's hole-punch display is impressive
Michael Pan, President of Honor, said: “We’re absolutely thrilled to launch the Honor View20, our latest flagship device.
"The Honor View20’s impressive AI photography features, strong performance and world-first design are ideal for users looking for dynamic smartphones to match their fast-paced lifestyles."
Here's everything you need to know about the mid-range handset.
Honor View 20 price and release date – when is it out in the UK?
The View 20 is already out in China, billed as the V20, and released worldwide January 23.
It hit UK shelves for £499 – under half the cost of the iPhone XS and XS Max.
The phone is available now via UK carrier O2, with deals starting from £33.03 per month, £10 upfront for 1GB data.
the sun10 The 48MP rear camera takes fantastic snaps
10 The phone has a 'hole-punch' selfie camera
Honor View 20 design – what does the new phone look like?
The View 20 boasts a beautiful design with a 6.4" screen that covers nearly 92% of the phone's front face.
There's minimal bezel around the sides and a new selfie camera design that is poised to sweep the smartphone market this year.
The camera is nestled in a 'hole-punch' gap in the screen – meaning Honor has done away with the 'notch' made popular by the iPhone X in 2017.
the sun10
Honor10 The smartphone has a fun 'holographic' V design on the back
Honor View 20 - hands onI spent some time with the Honor View 20, and here are my first impressions...

The View 20 looks brilliant, I love the hole-punch selfie camera design as it really feels like the display uses every inch of the phone's front face.
However, the back of the phone might be a turn off for some - I'm a fan of the holographic V design but I imagine it'll be a little flashy for some.
As far as the rear camera goes, the View 20 is pretty much unbeatable. It boasts a 48MP beast that takes stunning photos, and the AI features are pretty neat.
That said, I'm not sure how much someone is likely to use the camera's fun AI scanner to check the calories of their food or the details of a painting they're ogling (a quick Google search seems to work fine for most).
I like that Honor has stuck with a headphone jack, and loaded the gadget with up to 256GB of storage, meaning you can take thousands of photos before running out of memory.
It's definitely the best phone Honor have made, and cements their position as an up-and-coming player in the ever competitive smartphone market.
And for the £499 pricetag - half the cost of an iPhone XS (£999) - it's a great gagdet for anyone working on a budget.


That means the selfie camera is almost swallowed by the display, giving you loads more screen space for your money.
On the back, the gadget has a strange neon-like visual design that looks like a cascading 'V' when light catches it at certain angles.
Honor calls this its aurora nanotexture design.
The phone comes in four colours: Midnight Black, Sapphire Blue and Phantom Blue.
The Sun10 The screen is impressive given the View 20's modest price
Honor10 It's got a sleek design that's almost all screen
Honor View 20 specs – what's under the bonnet?
Honor has packed a lot of top tech into the View 20 considering it's a mid-range model.
The handset is loaded with a ground-breaking 48MP rear camera – a world first.
The View 20's selfie camera is also impressive, coming in at 25 MP.
The rear snapper captures several photos at once and uses AI to take the best details from each and combine them into one picture.
Its clever software also boosts your shots in low-light, a task phone cameras have traditionally struggled with compared to digital cameras.
2017 Future Publishing10 The View 20 is the followup to last year's View 10 (pictured)
Its smart camera software can even give you information on 300 famous landmarks, 10,000 paintings and even the calorie count of your food just by taking a look at them.
The View 20 display packs a 2310 x 1080 pixel mix, which means it's far from the sharpest on the market.
The phone is powered by a high-end octa-core Kirin 980 chipset – the same top tech that drives the Huawei Mate 20 and Huawei Mate 20 Pro.
Honor has also packed some swanky Wi-Fi technology into the View 20 that stops the signal from weakening when your hands cover the receiver.
The Sun10 As well as the View 20 (right), Honor also unveiled the Honor Watch
What is the Honor Watch? Magic and Dream series announced
At the Paris launch, Honor unveiled a £150 new smart watch that also hits shelves January 23.
The Honor Watch has an HD AMOLED touch screen and is waterproof to 50 metres.
It's also loaded with a heart rate monitor, like the most recent Apple Watch.
Honor says the device's battery lasts an impressive seven days, a big jump up from Apple's own smart watch, which lasts just 18 hours.
Honor unveiled two new lines of smart watch in total, called the Magic and Dream series.
You can get the Honor Watch Magic series in three colours: Lava Black, Dark Blue, and Moonlight Silver.
The Honor Watch Dream series is available in two colours: Coral Pink and White Apricot.
TOP STORIES IN TECHCORE OF THE PROBLEM? Apple engineer says pressure to design iPhone is reason I’m divorced LatestHUNG UP EE back up after five HOUR outage that left thousands unable to make calls ExclusiveNO WEI! EE, O2 and Vodafone slammed for selling Huawei phones 'that might not work' GRAM SLAM Instagram leaks 'private details' of 49MILLION users – including phone numbers ONE GIANT LEAK Secret Nasa plans for lunar base and 37 rocket launches to the Moon 'leaked' SELL SELL SELL! Huawei owner panic as '100s try to sell phone' – with prices falling by 80% 
What is Honor, and how is it linked to Huawei?
Honor is a sub-brand belonging to Chinese phone-maker Huawei, which is now the second largest producer of smartphones worldwide.
Founded in 2013, the company aims to capture the cheaper end of the smartphone market while Huawei does the business with higher grade handsets.
Its first phone in Europe was 2014's Honor 6.
Honor released the View 10, the View 20's predecessor, last year.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


