Arnautovic’s dream move to China could be back on with fresh £35m bid made to West Ham from Guangzhou Evergrande
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/8232673/west-ham-arnautovic-china-guangzhou-evergrande/
19th January 2019, 1:18 pm
WEST HAM'S hopes of clinging on to Marko Arnautovic are in jeopardy once again after a second Chinese club lodged a bid, according to reports.
Arnautovic's dream £300,000-a-week move to China appeared to have collapsed after the Hammers rejected an offer from Shanghai SIPG.
AP:Associated Press4 Marko Arnautovic's dream move to China could be back on
But, according to the Guardian, Guangzhou Evergrande have tested the London club's resolve with a fresh offer of €40million (around £35.2m).
West Ham boss Manuel Pellegrini has dropped Arnautovic for today's trip to Bournemouth as the club is furious over their star striker's behaviour.
As revealed by SunSport on Friday, sources said the Austrian is "not in the right frame of mind to play".
He is said to have apologised to team-mates after training on Friday.
Pellegrini does not want to lose Arnautovic and West Ham have given the Chilean coach the final say on SIPG's offer.
Getty Images - Getty4 Guangzhou Evergrande are the second Chinese Super League club to bid for Arnautovic
Alamy Live News4 Marko Arnautovic is said to want a new challenge away from West Ham
Marco Arnautovic waves to West Ham fans amid potential move to Chinese Super League 
LATEST FOOTBALL NEWSCAP THAT Pep Guardiola wears tartan flat cap for Man City parade, and Twitter loves it Ron Mour time Cristiano hints he wants Mourinho to replace Allegri at Juventus despite past RevealedPog off Real Madrid fans vote for top transfer signings with Hazard top and Pogba last BRUTAL Ajax Cape Town starlet, 16, left for dead after being dumped in horrific assault 'Bouncebackability' Renato Sanches and Choupo-Moting go from Prem relegation to champions Quick! Knapp him Gareth Bale can revive Man Utd after Zidane fallout, claims Harry Redknapp Exclusive'HISTORY MAKERS' John Barrowman says he knows gay footballers who are still in the closet ExclusiveCROSSED THE LINE Premier League clubs slammed for failing to tackle coked-up yobs at games 
And the club is expected to reject Guangzhou's bid as they hold out for at least £45m.
Arnautovic has been the lethal point of West Ham's attack this season with seven Premier League goals and three in his last three games.
Pellegrini insists his side can cope without him at Bournemouth.
He said: "Marko is one of the most important players we have but the squad knows these things can happen. We are just focused on trying to beat Bournemouth.
PA:Empics Sport4 Manuel Pellegrini says he does not know if Arnautovic will stay at West Ham
"We played without Marko four or five games in December and we won those games.
"He will continue being an important player for us but we must continue thinking about our next rival."
His brother and representative Danijel Arnautovic claimed Marko wanted to leave West Ham to win titles but insisted the player would "give 100 per cent" for the club despite the speculation.
West Ham’s Marko Arnautovic is gutted that his £300k-a-week China move has collapsed 

