Marko Arnautovic too gutted to play against Bournemouth as dream £300k-a-week China move COLLAPSES
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/8226137/arnautovics-china-west-ham-off/
18th January 2019, 12:02 pm
MARKO ARNAUTOVIC'S dream move to China has collapsed.
And West Ham boss Manuel Pellegrini has pulled his unsettled striker from the squad to face Bournemouth tomorrow as a result.
AP:Associated Press3 Marko Arnautovic's move to Chinese Super League champions Shanghai SIPG has collapsed
Arnautovic, 29, was hoping to secure a megabucks deal worth around £300,000 a week to join Shanghai SIPG, and even appeared to wave his goodbye to Hammers fans last week when he was substituted in the 1-0 win over Arsenal.
But the Chinese champions have now cooled their interest, leaving West Ham's joint-top scorer in limbo and according to sources "not in the right frame of mind to play" for tomorrow's Premier League match as a result.
West Ham did not want to sell Arnautovic all along and gave Pellegrini the final say so on the deal.
The Hammers received a bid of around £35million last week which was rejected, with the club holding out for at least £45m.
PA:Press Association3 West Ham boss Manuel Pellegrini reportedly had the final say on the deal and decided to keep his player
most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 
Pellegrini said: "Marko is one of the most important players we have but the squad knows these things can happen. We are just focused on trying to beat Bournemouth.
"We played without Marko four or five games in December and we won those games.
"He will continue being an important player for us but we must continue thinking about our next rival."
Pellegrini was split on whether to give the sale the go-ahead as Arnautovic is considered one of the key players in West Ham's revival this season.

Getty Images - Getty3 Arnautovic appeared to be waving goodbye in West Ham's 1-0 victory over Arsenal
He has scored eight goals but also turns 30 in April.
His brother and representative Danijel Arnautovic claimed Marko wanted to leave West Ham to win titles but insisted the player would "give 100 per cent" for the club despite the speculation.
Marco Arnautovic waves to West Ham fans amid potential move to Chinese Super League 

