Cricket bible Wisden bans ‘chinaman’ term for slow left-arm wrist-spin bowlers for 2018 edition, after it was deemed ‘offensive’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/cricket/6032696/cricket-wisden-bans-chinaman-terminology-2018/
12th April 2018, 9:51 am
CRICKET bible Wisden has banned the term "chinaman", to describe slow left-arm wrist-spin bowlers, for their 2018 edition, after it was deemed "offensive".
The long-standing term used to describe the somewhat rare type of bowler has been quashed following calls for it to be scrapped a year ago.
Wisden5 Wisden are scrapping the term 'chinaman' after it was deemed offensive
Last March, cricket writer Andrew Wu deemed the phrase "racially offensive" after Kuldeep Yadav's Test debut for India.
The Indian left-arm wrist-spinner, then 22, enjoyed a debut to remember, taking a superb 4-68, to help bowl Australia for just 300.
However, during the game, Yadav made headlines for reasons other that his sensational bowling.
Australian journalist Andrew Wu first called the term into question, tweeting: "My challenge to cricket: get racially offensive terminology out of the game."
Reuters5 Left-arm wrist-spinner Kuldeep Yadav brought the term back into the spotlight last year
Wu - himself proudly of Chinese heritage - later wrote an opinion piece online asking for an "adult discussion" regarding the term.
He wrote: "Cricket has a problem. Not a major problem, perhaps even what social media types like to call a first-world problem. But a problem nevertheless.

IN A SPIN India spinner Kuldeep Yadav sparks debate about 'offensive' chinaman terminology after stunning debut

"Cricket has many quirky and whimsical terms, the origins of which even many tragics of the game would struggle to explain.
"They are part of the rich fabric of the sport, and may they live on for as long as cricket is played. With the exception of one - the 'chinaman'.
Reuters5 Kuldeep Yadav's Test debut for India called the term into question
MOST READ IN CRICKETPicturedKit's a winner England launch stunning 1992 throwback kit for upcoming Cricket World Cup CAUGHT OUT Cricket star is kicked off Qantas flight after screaming and swearing at 2 women Exclusivebowled over Jimmy Anderson: I took one look at Stuart Broad and thought ‘she’s beautiful’ GUN GUARD Armed police part of Cricket World Cup security operation for India vs Pakistan 'she had to be strong' Strauss says wife wanted to 'do death well' by preparing two sons ali's tragedy Pakistan cricket star's daughter, 2, dies of cancer days before World Cup ticket world cup Are Cricket World Cup tickets on sale and how much do they cost? 'BATTED DOGGEDLY' Test Match Special listeners reduced to tears by grieving son's letter indian premier league IPL schedule, match list and points table 2019 Jof to a flyer Archer takes step towards World Cup spot with dazzling spell for England 
AP:Associated Press5 Brad Hogg is another recent exponent of left-arm wrist-spin
"It's not a term that is commonly heard in cricket, but one that will get a lot of air play this week after spinner Kuldeep Yadav's dream start to his Test career for India.
"Why? Because he is what is known in the game as a 'chinaman' bowler - a left-arm spinner who turns the ball back into the right-handed batsman.
"How about re-naming the delivery the Achong, in honour, rather than dishonour, of the bowler who has not been given due credit in cricket folklore?"
Legend has it the word "chinamen" was first coined after left-arm wrist-spinner Ellis Achong - a West Indian of Chinese descent - took the wicket of England's Walter Robbins.
PA:Press Association5 The term 'chinaman' is said to have been first used in regards to Ellis Achong (right), a West Indian spinner of Chinese descent
Robins allegedly claimed: "Fancy being done by a bloody Chinaman."
West Indies all-rounder Learie Constantine, reportedly replied: "Is that the man or the ball?"
Fast forward one year from Wu's rant and Wisden have opted to scrap the phrase - which has been coined for over a century.
A Wisden spokesman said: "The designation is no longer appropriate, so we’re changing it."
Australia in mourning after cricket cheats bring shame on national sport

