How Wayne Rooney and wife Coleen’s American Dream has left them ‘really bored’ and missing Soho Farmhouse and their local Chinese
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/8145080/wayne-rooney-wife-coleen-american-dream-bored/
9th January 2019, 12:34 pm
WHEN Wayne and Coleen Rooney swapped Cheshire for Washington DC last summer, the pair hoped they'd be the next Brit couple to make it big in America like the Beckhams.
But fast-forward four months, experts are warning their brand image may be ruined after Wayne's drunken arrest - and Coleen is said to already be "really bored" with their new life stateside.
Splash News15 The Rooneys hoped their move Stateside would make them the new 'Brand Beckham' - but a source says they're 'bored'
Before they moved, they live in a £3m mansion in Prestbury, Cheshire and are currently putting the finishing touches on an amazing £20m estate in the Wag heartland of the county.
They enjoyed a lavish lifestyle of nights out with celeb friends in upmarket Alderley Edge, and the five-star Chinese restaurant, Wing's, in Manchester where banquets cost almost £60 per person.
Now, they're more likely to pick up a takeaway from fast food outlet Nando's than dine out, and spend most of their time at home - and experts warn that their plans to conquer American are in jeopardy.
One source close to Coleen told Sun Online that the pair have struggled to adjust to their new, more homely life since their move stateside.
EPA15 Wayne was arrested in December after being intoxicated, leaving Coleen furious
Instagram15 Wayne and Coleen used to have regular meals at Wings in Manchester, where banquets cost nearly £60 per person
They say: "Wayne and Coleen are really bored over there. She has no friends and is at home with their kids all the time.
"They live in Maryland, which is really quiet, so if they do go out it's bowling or cinema with the kids."
The Mega Agency15 Now Coleen is more likely to pick up a takeaway Nando's to enjoy at home than eat out
Maryland, a 50-minute drive from Washington DC is a world away from Cheshire and the Rooney's former closest city Manchester, which are full of upmarket clubs and restaurants and a popular haunt for celebs.
In contrast, their closest city, Maryland City, has a population of just 16,000 and has more of a small town American feel.
The Rooneys were originally thought to be moving to the Kalorama District, closer to Washington DC's centre, but instead seem to have opted for a home in quieter suburbs.
"They have a massive house and it's beautiful but it's not the exciting glamorous life she's used to. She's very homesick and misses her parents," says our source.
15 Our source says the Rooneys are based in quiet Maryland, and they often post Instagram pics showing them chilling at home
'Coleen can't cope without a break from the kids'
Soon after moving to the US, Liverpool-born Coleen said: "It’s hard not being able to pop down the road – an eight-hour flight is a long distance. You can’t just nip over for a cup of tea.
“It’s been a bit of a blur so far getting everything sorted. I am sure it will all sink in soon.”
Instagram15 Behind the smiles, a source says Coleen is struggling with childcare alone and missing her family
Coleen was known for her regular holidays in destinations such as Barbados, having six last year and often bringing mum Colette along.
However, these seem to have dried up since moving to Washington, and Coleen appears to have stayed put in recent months, apart from her trip back to the UK for Christmas.
Splash News15 Coleen and mum Colette on holiday in Barbados with then-baby son Klay
Coleen has previously said she'd never hired nannies to help her with the kids but mum Colette - who lived just down the road - was close at hand to assist with her and Wayne's massive brood, Kai, Klay, Kit and Cass.
Without this, she's struggling our insider says: "Before she left the UK to go back to the States at Christmas, Coleen told friends her first job would be to find a babysitter as she can't cope without a break from the kids every now and then."
15 The family have had quieter times together since moving to Washington
Both Coleen and Wayne's social media accounts reflect this change, with their more recent Instagram pictures showing them visiting landmarks in the city, the Six Flags theme park in New Jersey and chilling out at their £3million mansion in the Maryland suburbs.
15 The couple's Instagram posts from the US show them taking the kids to places such as the Six Flags theme park
And it's not just her choice of hangout that's different. While in Washington Coleen's toned down her WAG look from her perma-tanned, blow-dry days for a more laid-back American look.
She's more likely to be photographed leaving pilates classes wearing leggings, with natural makeup and clutching a green juice at the £200-a-month local Equinox gym than hitting the party circuit in Washington DC.
15 Coleen has swapped her glam WAG outfits for no make-up and a more laid back look
"She only goes to the gym and that's it. In the UK her mum and dad help out loads so she can go out with her mates but she has no help there," says our source.
Missing the VIP lifestyle
The couple clearly couldn't wait to get back to their glamorous lifestyle at the first chance they got, leaving the kids with Coleen's parents so they could go out.
Our source added: "The second Wayne and Coleen came back to the UK they were out all the time with their mates drinking and at Soho Farmhouse too."

15 They went straight to Soho Farmhouse when they got home - a far cry from their mundane shopping trips in the US

Previously, the Rooneys would be guests of honour at various Manchester events, including attending a Drake concert at the arena in 2016 and sitting ringside at boxing events
As 'Queen of WAGs' in the UK, Coleen was often spotted at events such as the Chester Races with Darren Fletcher's wife Hayley and Helen Evans, wife of Jonny Evans among others.
The couple were also regularly snapped at footballer's weddings, including Phil Jones and Kaya Hall's Alderley Edge nuptials in June 2017 and Tom Cleverley and TOWIE star Georgina Dorsett's in 2015.
Instagram15 Former 'Queen of WAGs' Coleen would previously attend glam events such as the 2017 Chester races with her pals
         View this post on Instagram           Always great to catch up with Ed. Another unbelievable concert 📸🎤👌 A post shared by  Wayne Rooney (@waynerooney) on Sep 23, 2018 at 4:30am PDT

She hasn't been photographed with any of the other Washington DC WAGs yet - and the only concert the family has attended was a performance by close pal Ed Sheeran at the MetLife stadium in New Jersey last September.
In contrast to her former life, our source says she's gone to great lengths to make new acquaintances.
"Coleen volunteered at a school event in October to try and make some friends - something she would never have done in the UK," they say.
The Rooneys have, however, swapped WAG parties for politics, visiting Donald Trump at the nearby White House in December.
Social Media - Refer to Source15 Rooney was pictured with Trump's son Barron (end) in December during a trip to the White House
No brand like Beckham
In December, Wayne came under fire for a sponsored Instagram post, paid for by travel company Expedia, which suggests he could be thinking about next career steps after football.
Instagram15 Rooney came under fire for this post that was sponsored by Expedia
The Rooneys had hoped their move to the US would turn them into the next 'Brand Beckham', but his recent antics may have hampered their multi-million pound deal with powerful marketing company Octagon.
This deal looked to see Wayne and his family secure endorsements for sports, food, phones, cars — and possibly reality TV shows - but most of this hasn't materialised as of yet.
Instagram15 The family signed a multi-million pound deal with a marketing company and are rumoured to be in talks about a reality TV show
Wayne Rooney has been arrested in the US for being drunk and  swearing in public
The news of his arrest is something that could put all of this at risk should his PR team make the wrong move or Wayne fails to clean up his act.
Jonathan Gabay, of KBA PR tells Sun Online: "It all depends on how Wayne deals with the incident.
"The Beckham Brood Brand is worth millions, so Wayne and his PR entourage must not muck things up with an own-goal before things have really got underway Stateside.
"If not, the Rooneys with their glitzy £3million mansion in Washington may be perceived as just another clan of nouveau riche British soccer clowns."
Most read in SportExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal 
However, Nic Forster, Managing Director of Thinking Hat PR, says Wayne could build back his credibility by doing what he does best - playing football.
"One thing we know for sure about the American public is that that they love a comeback. The couple, who met as teenagers in Liverpool and have risen to the heights of world football definitely embody the American Dream," he says.
"If they are well advised, I don't think this is a death knell for their brand but it is certainly a very significant speed bump on their American journey."

