Confused barber shaves ‘play button’ into customer’s hair after he pauses video showing the cut he wanted
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8141950/barber-shaves-play-button-customer-hair-pause-video/
7th January 2019, 10:02 pm
A CUSTOMER at a barbershop got more than he bargained for when he showed the hairdresser a paused video of the 'do he wanted - and ended up with a PLAY BUTTON shaved into his head.
The unidentified customer, from China, wanted to look just like the trendy model in the video but ended up going viral for the hilarious error.
Weibo/Tianxiu Bot4 A barbershop customer requested a haircut from a paused video - but ended up with a play button shaved into his head
He was watching a video while he waited to get his haircut and suddenly spotted the trim of his dreams.
After pausing the video and showing it to the barber, he was asked if he wanted the triangle too.
Without realising he meant the actual play sign appearing in the middle of the paused screen, the customer just said 'yes'.
Little did he know, he'd would soon have a bizarre triangle shaved into his hair.
Weibo/Tianxiu Bot4 This is the paused video the customer showed the hairdresser
Weibo/Tianxiu Bot4 He ended up with this trendy triangle shape styled into his 'do
Images of the haircut and paused video were shared by blogger 'Tian Xiu Bot' on China's Twitter-like platform Weibo on December 30.
The post got 20,000 comments and 78,000 likes and was shared over 22,000 times.
The blogger joked: "There are not so many rigorous hairdressers like this left."
He also shared videos of the customer strutting across the room, clearly chuffed with his trendy new hairdo.
Weibo/Tianxiu Bot4 The post went viral on Weibo, the Chinese version of Twitter
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ‘HEINOUS ABUSE’ Girl, 3, dies after being 'raped and battered by stepdad while mum watched' MIRACLE TOT Toddler, 3, survives plunging 30ft and being impaled on 6ft-long rod SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk LIT FUSE Sick moment Russian thug punches woman in the face and knocks her out outside club 'I WANTED TO GET RID OF HER' Mum, 21, abandoned daughter, 2, to ‘spend time with boyfriend' 
Tian Xiu Bot said he seemed more confident after his new snip.
One commentator said: "[The hairdresser] indeed copied the model's hairstyle in the exact way."
Another joked: "This is a new trending haircut."
A third one said: "I watched (the video) three times before realising that was a play button."
Manchester United fans ask what Paul Pogba’s cryptic ‘broken heart’ haircut message means?

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




