Gemma Atkinson used to binge on vodka and takeaways before getting a grip of her eating habits
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/8129957/gemma-atkinson-used-to-binge-on-vodka-and-takeaways-before-getting-a-grip-of-her-eating-habits/
6th January 2019, 12:29 am
GEMMA Atkinson has revealed that she used to binge on takeaways and vodka before she got a hold of her diet.
The former Hollyoaks actress is now extremely fit but says she struggled with her weight in the past.
@glouiseatkinson/Instagram6 Gemma is now a dedicated gym bunny
Instagram @glouiseatkinson6 Gemma has an amazing body as a result of her healthy lifestyle
Gemma, 34, has launched a new health and fitness book called The Diet Plan for the New Year and has been candid about her struggles.
The tragic death of her dad in 2002 from a heart attack lead Gemma to comfort eat and head on boozy nights out with friends.
She told The Mirror: “I’d think nothing of going out on an evening and sinking five shots of vodka.
"My friends and I would go out on Friday and Saturday nights drinking, having a McDonald’s on the Saturday and a big Chinese takeaway on the Sunday.”
London Features International6 Gemma said that she used to binge on booze and takeaways back in 2002
6 Fitness is now a focus in Gemma's life
Gemma revealed that she was called “thunder thighs” at school.
She also said that she again turned to food and drink for comfort when she split up with her footballer ex-fiance Marcus Bent in 2008.
After working out with a personal trainer from 2012, Gemma began to hone the body of her dreams in the gym.
She went on to star in Strictly Come Dancing last year – and is now happily dating pro dancer Gorka Marquez, 28, who she met on the programme.
6 Gemma and Gorka are loved up and have now moved in together
Refer to Caption6 Gemma and Gorka love to work out together
The couple moved in together into a home in Manchester earlier this year.
The smitten pair moved into their northern pad a few months ago and are often posting loved-up selfies of themselves relaxing at home or working out.
Strictly Come Dancing star Katya Jones’ outrageous flirting with hunky Gorka Marquez left his girlfriend Gemma Atkinson furious
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZTHOMAS SHOOK What are my rights if Thomas Cook goes bust after I've booked my holiday? THEY'RE BACK! Everything you need to know about Hols from £15 and how to book yours now HOLIDAY HELL Brit holidaymakers flood Thomas Cook with booking fears after £1.5bn loss ExclusiveFLY SPRAY BA passenger 'left with food poisoning after being served MOULDY salad on flight' SLY STAY Hidden charges like resort fees that could double the price of your hotel room GROUNDED Airlines including easyJet & BA cancel hundreds of flights due to strike in Italy 
Their home has tasteful soft furnishings which includes a huge bed in a luxury bedroom.
They also have a plush dining area for entertaining and a cosy front room.
The gym bunnies often use their impressive outside space for honing their already toned bodies.

Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220.
We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

