Superstars out of contract this summer include Dembele, Kompany, Mata, Giroud, Monreal, Milner, Rabiot, Robben and Ribery
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/8121380/transfer-out-of-contract-stars-dembele-kompany-milner-mata/
5th January 2019, 11:18 am
THE winter transfer window is often a time for panic buys and desperate attempts to transform clubs’ seasons.
But it can also the time for crafty pieces of business as there are often January sales if you look in the right places.
Getty9 Nacho Monreal could find his Arsenal days numbered with his contract expiring
Plenty of big names are out of contract this summer meaning there are generally four options for players and clubs...
They are, sell them for a cut-price fee this month, let them arrange a pre-contract agreement to move in the summer for free, allow their contract to expire and release them or get them to sign a contract extension.
Here, SunSport looks at some of the players in the Premier League and across Europe who are set to become free agents in six months’ time.
Mousa Dembele (Spurs)
Reuters9 Mousa Dembele could see his seven-year spell at the club come to an end
UNLIKELY to sign a new deal at Tottenham, his seven-year spell with the club is set to end this year.
Reports have linked him with Thierry Henry’s Monaco but a more likely destination appears to be China with Beijing Sinobo Guoan ready to offer the big bucks.
SunSport says: Clearly not happy and doesn’t want to stay so let him go this month and at least get some money for him.
Vincent Kompany (Man City)
ONE of the three pillars of Manchester City’s Premier League success in recent years, alongside Sergio Aguero and David Silva.
Among the best defenders in the league when fully fit and an inspirational leader but has surprisingly been lined up with a move to Barcelona.
SunSport says: City must keep their legendary captain at the club for a while yet - he has so much to offer both on and off the field.
Getty9 Could Vincent Kompany finally leave Manchester City?

BLUES GOING? Chelsea have three Premier League legends out of contract this summer

Fernando Llorente (Spurs)
A panic buy that really has not worked out for either party. Brought in the summer of 2017 from under the noses of Chelsea but has been living in a Harry Kane-shaped shadow ever since.
Without a Premier League start this season, Llorente looks destined for the exit door with Galatasaray reportedly close to agreeing personal terms.
SunSport says: Could well do a job at a number of struggling Premier League sides for the remainder of the season - think Huddersfield, Crystal Palace, Southampton.
Daniel Sturridge (Liverpool)
AS well documented, he had his off-field issues last year which means a cloud of uncertainty hovers over Daniel Sturridge.
On his day he is still a fine talent - as he showed against Chelsea earlier in the season - and reports suggest he is set to be offered a new deal by the Reds.
SunSport says: He has got used to playing a bit-part role under Jurgen Klopp but at 29 should push himself to be a regular starter elsewhere.
James Milner (Liverpool)
Reuters9 Liverpool should fight to tie down James Milner to a new deal
ONE of the best players in English football in 2018 as he showed a fresh energy to take Liverpool to the Champions League final and top of the Premier League by New Year.
Chipped in with a few goals as well this season and has remained a key figure despite the likes of Naby Keita and Fabinho coming in.
SunSport says: Liverpool HAVE to give this man a new contract - it is as simple as that.

GUNNER LEAVE? Aaron Ramsey is just one of five Arsenal stars out of contract this summer

MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 
Eliaquim Mangala (Man City)
Reuters9 Eliaquim Mangala has all-but been forgotten by Man City supporters
VERY much a forgotten man at the Etihad these days after he failed to live up to his £31.9million price tag.
Went out on loan to Everton a year ago but suffered a bad knee injury, limiting his only appearances this season to two Premier League 2 games with City’s youngsters.
SunSport says: Should seek another loan move away from City this month to try and work his way back into the shop window because there is no way he is getting an extension.
Alberto Moreno (Liverpool)
NOT the most popular player in the Liverpool squad due to a number of high-profile errors earlier in his Anfield career and is now very much Andrew Robertson’s understudy.
Moreno hit out at Jurgen Klopp last month and has been linked with a return to Sevilla.
SunSport says: Still only 26, with just two Premier League appearances this season and out of favour with the manager, a move must surely be on the cards to salvage what was once a promising career.
Andy Carroll (West Ham)
Reuters9 Andy Carroll could return to boyhood club Newcastle in the summer
EYEBROWS were raised when Carroll started for West Ham against Brighton this week - but he lasted just 45 minutes and was lucky to make it to half-time with a terrible performance.
Reports suggest a sensational return to Newcastle could be on the cards for the Geordie who has endured a torrid time since leaving St James’ Park eight years ago.
SunSport says: Obviously suffered with countless injuries but does not seem a fit for Manuel Pellegrini - at least he would feel the love back at Newcastle, especially if they get him for free in the summer.
Shinji Okazaki (Leicester)
A pivotal member of the title-winning side three years ago as he linked up with Jamie Vardy in the Leicester attack.
But without a goal in 2018 and left out of Japan’s Asian Cup squad, he surely will be let go for free in the summer.
SunSport says: Since winning the league, Leicester have spent millions and millions trying to find a replacement for Okazaki yet he is still arguably the best man for the job with his tenacity in attack - but James Maddison is the perfect No10 and, crucially, provides goals and assists.

WHAT'S THE MATA? Man Utd set for major overhaul with Herrera, Mata and Jones among SEVEN stars out of contract this summer

Europe
Adrien Rabiot (PSG)
The Mega Agency9 Much has been discussed about Rabiot's future with Prem clubs circling
THE Rabiot saga is beginning to turn ugly for Paris Saint-Germain. The midfielder has fallen out with the club and is destined to leave.
He looks as though he will sulk for the rest of his contract meaning the French champions will not get a penny for him in the summer.
SunSport says: A number of Premier League clubs will no doubt be monitoring Rabiot’s situation but Barcelona are in pole position.
Diego Godin (Atletico)
A FINE central defender who has delivered year after year for Atletico Madrid both in LaLiga and in the Champions League.
Manchester United made a move last year but were quickly rebuffed but Godin is yet to sign a new deal.
SunSport says: Still has plenty to offer as a defender and leader but reports in Spain say he is unlikely to extend his contract beyond the summer, paving the way for a free move.
Hector Herrera (Porto)
AN exciting central midfielder who Arsenal have been looking at as a replacement to Aaron Ramsey.
Herrera held talks with his former gaffer Julen Lopetegui during his brief stint at Real Madrid but a move to Italy looks most likely.
SunSport says: Inter Milan and Roma are the two favourites to land the Mexico international with Arsenal’s interest cooling.
Mario Balotelli (Nice)
AFP9 Mario Balotelli has found goals hard to come by this season at Nice
LAST season Balotelli scored 26 goals in 38 games. This season he has zero goals in ten games.
It has not gone well for Super Mario under Patrick Vieira at Nice and he has now been banished from training.
SunSport says: It looked like he was getting his career back on track but apparently not. There will certainly not be a long queue for his signature come the summer and could well return to Italy.
Gianluigi Buffon (PSG)
COULD this man be back on the move again? After leaving Juventus for Paris Saint-Germain at the end of last season, his dream of winning the Champions League is still on for now.
Both he and Alphonse Areola have played 13 games so far this season as Thomas Tuchel alternates the pair but the French World Cup winner is surely the long-term ever-present.
SunSport says: If he wins the Champions League this season, he will almost certainly retire. If not, he may try one more season and then hang up his gloves and bring the curtain down on a fine career.
Dani Alves (PSG)
FORCED out of the World Cup with a cruciate ligament injury, Alves has finally worked his way back into first-team action at Paris Saint-Germain.
At 35 and with an honours list longer than a Christmas shopping list, Alves may still have something left to give.
SunSport says: It would have been great to see him in the Premier League after he left Barcelona but no club can surely justify his big wages. PSG could still get some use out of him, though - as could the Chinese Super League.
Arjen Robben (Bayern)
Getty9 Arjen Robben could finally leave Bayern Munich on a free this summer
THE Dutch winger has enjoyed a stellar decade at Bayern Munich but confirmed he would be leaving the club at the end of the season.
Robben did say that he would not be retiring, though, if the right offer comes and as he turns 35 later in January, he will surely have a few to choose from.
SunSport says: There is no obvious next step for him. A return to PSV Eindhoven, a move to the MLS, Middle East or China could all be possible.
Franck Ribery (Bayern)
RIBERY will follow his partner in crime out of Bavaria and bring an end to an era for the Bundesliga club.
He will be 36 come the summer but is still delivering week after week for the German champions and is more than capable of doing a job.
SunSport says: Like Robben, it would be fantastic to see Ribery stay in Europe - maybe the Frenchman could go back to Marseille - but one final lucrative offer may be the only thing preventing him hanging up his boots.
Catch up on all the midweek Premier League action from Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday's games

