I proposed to my man daily for 14 YEARS – and he finally said yes for my dying wish
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/8069055/proposed-every-day-14-years/
4th January 2019, 10:45 am
A DYING bride finally got her man - after proposing to him EVERY DAY for 14 years.
Cleo Campbell, 50, from Bolton, and boyfriend Keith Seddon, 42, tied the knot in October at an emotional hospice wedding.
Focus Features11 Cleo Campbell got her dying wish and married partner Keith Seddon
The couple have been together for around 20 years with Cleo first proposing on February 29 2004, their first leap year together. After Keith turned her down, she proposed every day.
She’d ask him to marry her in person, in letters, cards and sometimes even at the end of shopping lists.
But Keith refused until the hospice, where Cleo is being treated for terminal lung disease, began arranging the wedding without telling him.
By the time he found out it was too late - but he admitted he was over the moon that Cleo was finally his wife.
Focus Features11 Cleo described the wedding as the 'happiest day' of her life
Focus Features11 Cleo beams as she's walked down the aisle by her stepfather
Cleo told Fabulous Digital: “I kept on and on asking Keith to marry me, but he just didn’t fancy it. He said he didn’t see the point of marriage and he didn’t like being the centre of attention.
“But after I was admitted to the hospice, I told the staff it was my dying wish to marry Keith and they started making arrangements – before I even had chance to ask him.
“I had to ring him quickly and this time – after thousands of proposals – he said yes.
“I am so glad I finally have the man of my dreams. Life has been cruel to me in some ways but now, I feel like the luckiest woman in the world.”
WE PAY FOR YOUR STORIES!
Fabulous Online is always on the lookout for jaw-dropping, tear-jerking and heart-wrenching stories to feature. 
Join our Facebook group  or email us us to make £££s by sharing your story. 

Focus Features11 Some of the proposal letters Cleo left for Keith
Focus Features11 Cleo begged Keith to be her husband for years
Cleo and Keith first met in 1988, when he was working as a postman. He said: “I was on my rounds and I noticed Cleo doing handstands in her garden and I really fancied her. We got chatting and got on really well.”
But Cleo was eight years older, with a toddler daughter, and she felt the age gap was too big.
She said: “I knew Keith was the man for me – I had no doubt.
"But I also knew he was far too young and he needed to enjoy life. So I refused to go out with him and I told him to forget about me. Deep down, I knew we’d be together one day – just not yet.”
Focus Features11 The couple fell heads over heels in love but Cleo was worried about the age gap
Focus Features11 The couple enjoyed happier times before Cleo developed a terminal lung disease
Cleo moved away and had a baby son. Keith had other relationships, too. But three years on, they bumped into each other on the bus and this time, Cleo felt the time was right.
She said: “Keith was 21 by now and he had grown up a lot. We started dating and moved in together and we were blissfully happy. He was a fabulous step-dad to my two children – I couldn’t have asked for a better partner or dad.
“Funny, when we first met, Keith told me he would never have kids or pets or get married. He ended up with two kids, 11 cats and a wife.”
In 2004, on their first leap year together, Cleo proposed in a Chinese restaurant. Keith refused.
I proposed to him practically every dayCleo Campbell50
Cleo said: “It didn’t put me off. I proposed to him practically every day, sometimes I would do a straight proposal, sometimes I would write it on a note or inside a birthday card.
"Sometimes, I’d leave him a shopping list with ‘When are you going to marry me?’ at the end. But he would never set a date.”
During Christmas 2008, Cleo picked up a nasty chest infection which refused to clear and tests showed she was suffering with lung disease.
Focus Features11 Cleo would ask him to marry her daily
She said: “I was very ill for a while, but I got back on my feet. I was warned my condition was life-limiting but I didn’t dwell on it – I worked full time and I brought the kids up and we were very happy.
“I kept on with my proposals – even as I was being loaded in an ambulance, I would say: ‘Marry me, Keith, I don’t want to die single!’ and all the paramedics would try and persuade him.
“His mum, Rosaline, was desperate for us to marry too – she was always on his case. We went to loads of family weddings and it made me long to be a bride – but it had the opposite effect on Keith.”
Focus Features11 Friends rushed round to organise Cleo's dream day
Focus Features11 Cleo says everyone cried tears of happiness for her
In September this year, Cleo’s health deteriorated and she was admitted to Bolton Hospice.
She said: “One of the night staff asked me what I wanted most in the world and I said it was to get married. She told me she could arrange it and I didn’t really think she was serious.
"But the next morning, the staff were coming in, asking me what type of dress and flowers I would like, and I realised in a panic that I had better ask Keith."
She continued: “I rang him up, and said: ‘Listen babe, will you marry me?’ and he replied: ‘I do think it’s about time - yes.’
Focus Features11 Cleo enjoys a holiday before she became ill
Hospice staff began sourcing flowers, make up and nail artists, party food, balloons – and even Cleo’s favourite rainbow roses flown in from Holland. The couple were married in front of 30 close family and friends.
Despite her condition, Cleo insisted on walking down the aisle, with Keith’s step-dad, Philip, giving her away, and her daughter, Sarah, as bridesmaid.
Cleo said: “It was the most romantic moment of my entire life. I had the best day ever. Everyone was crying but for me, they were tears of happiness.
“After years of trying, I finally have the man of my dreams.”
Keith added: “I wasn’t half as nervous as I’d expected. Really, if I had known getting married would be so enjoyable I would have done it years ago.”
Most read in Real Life Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands crime and nunishment I became a drug dealing nun after my bigamist husband stole my cash MATRI-MOANY Fury at bridezilla who wants to BAN fiancé's 'crotch goblin' child from wedding WATER FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH Mum says drinking only water for 3 WEEKS is the key to young looks WEIGHTY ISSUE 22st teen who snacks on whole loaves of bread claims her parents made her fat BURIED ALIVE I've hoarded so much stuff I couldn’t get to the toilet or clean my cat's poo 
Meanwhile, a mum of three revealed the tragic heartbreak of being widowed TWICE — and before 30.
And the widow of a tragic groom who died hours after their wedding says ‘I’m on a rollercoaster that won’t stop’.
Rangers hero Fernando Ricksen's daughter wonders if her dad will ever play football again

