Barcelona set to cash in on £36m flop Malcom after Chinese club make £58m bid
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/7998698/barcelona-profit-flop-malcom-58m-offer-china/
17th December 2018, 1:26 pm
BARCELONA are considering selling Brazilian flop Malcom after receiving a huge £58million offer from a Chinese club.
The tricky forward has made just six appearances for the Catalan giants since he moved from Bordeaux for £36.5million.
AFP or licensors4 Malcom has struggled to perform for Barca
The 21-year-old eventually got his dream move to the Spanish champions after snubbing Roma - but things haven't turned out so rosy for the Barca man.
He has made just one start in La Liga and finds himself way down in boss Ernesto Valverde's pecking order.
And Nou Camp chiefs could already be willing to part ways with their summer recruit.
According to AS, the club has received a massive offer from Chinese side Guangzhou Evergrande, who are willing to splash a whopping £58million to secure his services.
Getty - Contributor4 Barcelona signed Paulinho from Guangzhou Evergrande on loan last term
Barca did business with Guangzhou when Paulinho was signed on loan last season.
Now the winger faces a dilemma - to stick it out for Barca in the hope of breaking into the line-up or make the move to Asia for regular football with a healthy wage increase.
The likelihood of making any starts are slim.
Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Ousmane Dembele  have 34 goals between them already this season.
most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 
Reuters4 Dembele, Suarez and Messi have already scored 34 goals between them this term
Malcom has also struggled with injury since arriving in Spain and is currently out with a sprain.
SunSport reported last month that Barca were willing to trade Brazilians with Chelsea - with Willian heading the other way.
And Tottenham have also been linked to the forward on numerous occasions - with Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino a fan of the starlet.
EPA4 Malcom was offered to Chelsea in exchange for Willian
Barcelona stewards hit Spurs fans with batons during Champions League game at the Nou Camp

