Chelsea icon John Obi Mikel funds Nigeria’s amputee World Cup team and says ‘I didn’t think twice’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/7924128/chelsea-john-obi-mikel-nigeria-amputee/
11th December 2018, 7:00 am
CRUTCHES clatter along the pavement of John Obi Mikel’s back garden as four footballers step onto the patio.
This is not a reunion of injured pros but a meet-up between Chelsea’s former midfielder and a contingent of amputee players.
Alan Walter14 Chelsea icon John Obi Mikel invited amputee footballers to his Surrey home
They are here for a project Mikel has developed a passion for.
It is six weeks since Nigeria’s amputee team, nicknamed the ‘Special Eagles’, reached out to the two-time Premier League winner for help.
Nigeria were due to miss the Amputee World Cup last month after failing to raise the necessary funds to go to Mexico.
Ghana’s highly-rated team was unable to go to Mexico while England only reached the required £70,000 amount due to a late donation from the Premier League.
Alan Walter14 Nathan Fisher, left, Michael Ishiguzo, second right, and Roger Whitehouse told Mikel their stories
LAJ Photography14 Michael Ishiguzo plays for Arsenal Amputee FC
14 Fisher, left, was born without a fibula bone in his right leg
READ MORE BRILLIANT FEATURESPEPE LE CHEW Pepe's dad was prison guard - but he nearly lost career over stolen chocolate ROD THE SOD QPR legend Marsh a 'flashy sod' who got himself in trouble as outspoken pundit DER PRINZ Franz Beckenbauer's grandson Luca ready to live up to famous surname PicturedMEDICAL KIT Old Spanish football shirts brilliantly turned into hospital gowns for ill kids Pie Addick Ex Charlton star Paul Konchesky now runs a successful pie and mash cafe in Essex thatch of the day Stars pay up to £30,000 on hair transplants to get ahead of their rivals Heart ach Achraf Hakimi dating 'world's most beautiful actress' 12 years older than him Top Pog Paul Pogba's stunning array of motors is worth £1.6m and includes £260k Ferrari 812 
Mikel, currently playing for Tianjin TEDA in China, stepped in for Nigeria by helping with financial support.
For the first time in four tournaments, Nigeria went to the World Cup.
“When I had the choice to help the amputee team I didn’t think twice,” Mikel, 31, told SunSport.
Alan Walter14 Mikel helped finance the Nigerian Amputee team last month
Reuters14 Mikel helped out the Nigerian amputee team reach their World Cup last month
“I have friends there from when I was little so I did what I had to do to make sure they got to Mexico and achieved their dreams.”
Mikel grew up down the road from an athletics stadium in the Nigerian city of Jos, where he and his brothers would occasionally play with the amputee team.
Mikel said: “I knew how those guys would spend their days playing football and then having to go to the streets to beg for money.
“They have to survive. Sometimes we would chip in or my mum would make food for them, so I know the amputee players’ struggle.
Alan Walter14 Nigeria had not attended three prior tournaments due to a lack of funding
Alan Walter14 Mikel recalled how his mother would make food for the Nigerian amputee players
LATEST CHELSEA NEWSCECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links Live BlogBLUES NEWS Keep up to date with all the ins and outs from Stamford Bridge GLORY HAYES Chelsea Women's manager Emma Hayes throws name into hat to be Sarri's successor ExclusiveGRASSED UP Angry boss Sarri blames Loftus-Cheek's Europa League final KO on dodgy US pitch cont believe it Chelsea ordered to pay Conte £9m compensation after bitter legal battle MONEY WALKS Chelsea will demand just £5m to allow Sarri to quit with Juventus circling GossipLAMPS LINKED Chelsea want Lampard back as new boss with Sarri 'big favourite' for Juve job BLUEPRINT Chelsea may accept transfer ban in bid to get it reduced to just one window 
“I knew other countries were having similar issues as well and when I heard about the Nigerian team I thought we need to raise awareness.”
Today, he greets amputee players Nathan Fisher, Roger Whitehouse and Michael Ishiguzo at his Surrey home following the conclusion of the Chinese Super League season.
Mikel’s work is not done, though.
Now he wants to shine a light on the effort of these players.
"The reason why we are talking about this here today is the hope that it will bring awareness to the struggle amputee athletes go through, and the hope for increased support," he says.
Alan Walter14 Nathan Fisher, Roger Whitehouse and Michael Ishiguzo play for amputee teams across England
Getty - Contributor14 Mikel won two Premier League titles with Chelsea
Ishiguzo, a fellow Nigerian who plays for Arsenal Amputee FC, was a striker for the now defunct Stationary Stores of Lagos and Eagle Cement of Port Harcourt.
“I know about this team,” Mikel says.
“I used to be a ball boy in Jos so every time they came to play I was there.”
Ishiguzo says his right leg didn’t receive the proper treatment when it was “snapped in two” during a training session.
“By the time I got to hospital the doctors said there was nothing they could do,” he says.
“When I got out I had nothing to do. I would watch my old teammates train and got angry so picked up my crutches to show them how it’s done. I basically never stopped playing.”
LAJ Photography14 Ishiguzo broke his leg while playing for a pro side in Nigeria but it wasn't treated properly
Peterborough United’s Fisher, currently doing GCSEs, is joining up with England’s U23 amputee team next year.
The 16-year-old took up the sport in February after playing on his stump for years.
Fisher was born with fibula hemimelia, a one-in-a-billion deficiency where the fetus develops with only one bone in the lower leg.
His parents took the decision to amputate at nine months.
“It’s better than normal football,” the Cambridge-based midfielder tells Mikel.
Portsmouth centre-back Whitehouse, who has represented England, was born with one leg significantly shorter than the other.
Alan Walter14 Mikel spoke to SunSport's Tom Roddy about his passion for amputee football
The full-time salesman used to play in goal wearing a prosthetic leg before discovering amputee football three years ago.
“With amputee football you have to play for pride,” Whitehouse says.
Whitehouse represented England at the European Championships in Turkey last year.
Chelsea's Mikel in training as move to Chinese Super League team Tianjin is announced
LATEST FOOTBALL NEWSCAP THAT Pep Guardiola wears tartan flat cap for Man City parade, and Twitter loves it Ron Mour time Cristiano hints he wants Mourinho to replace Allegri at Juventus despite past RevealedPog off Real Madrid fans vote for top transfer signings with Hazard top and Pogba last BRUTAL Ajax Cape Town starlet, 16, left for dead after being dumped in horrific assault 'Bouncebackability' Renato Sanches and Choupo-Moting go from Prem relegation to champions Quick! Knapp him Gareth Bale can revive Man Utd after Zidane fallout, claims Harry Redknapp Exclusive'HISTORY MAKERS' John Barrowman says he knows gay footballers who are still in the closet ExclusiveCROSSED THE LINE Premier League clubs slammed for failing to tackle coked-up yobs at games 
He said: "The money we actually raise doesn't scratch the surface of what it costs.
"I didn't go to Mexico this year but I went to Turkey for the Euros and we had to raise £1,500 per person.
"It sounds like a lot for a 13-man squad but then you've got all the equipment and travel arrangements.
"That's why it meant so much to see John help the Nigeria team. That's just an awesome thing to see."
Other African nations weren't so fortunate.
Alan Walter14 Ishiguzo was a professional footballer before his injury
Whitehouse recalls: "We played against Ghana before the World Cup and they were unreal.
"There was this guy upfront who beat me every time. I even tried to take him out once and couldn’t get close.
"They were supposed to go to the World Cup but they couldn’t go because they didn’t have the funding."
For Mikel, who was used to Chelsea’s state-of-the-art facilities at the club’s Cobham training base, this comes as a surprise.
Getty - Contributor14 Mikel was a Chelsea player for a decade before leaving for China
He says: “It’s amazing. It just shows the passion these guys have for the game to be paying out of their own pocket.
"They play from the heart and that's why they need our support."
John Obi Mikel says Nigeria are up for ‘tough test’ against youthful England side in World Cup warm-up match 
 

