Best Android apps and games REVEALED at Google Play Awards 2018 – here are the winners
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/7886469/best-android-apps-games-google-play-awards-2018/
3rd December 2018, 1:15 pm
GOOGLE has revealed the best apps available on Android phones and tablets for 2018.
The results of the annual Google Play Awards are in, and we've rounded up the winners for all the best categories – so you know which apps you need to download right away.
4 The results are in at the Google Play Awards 2018
It's also worth remembering that many of these apps will also be available for iPhone users on the App Store, so Apple fans don't have to miss out either.
This year, the awards were split into two main section.
The core awards are chosen by Google, based on app design, visuals, purpose, quality and more.
And there's also a User's Choice Awards this year, which is based on user votes.
4 The best app for 2018 was Drops, a language-learning app
Google's Best App of 2018 is Drops: Learn 31 new languages (download here).
As the name suggests, this hugely popular (and well-reviewed) app helps you learn new languages.
It even handles tricky languages like Japanese, Chinese and Icelandic.
The "fan favourite" choice was the official Reddit app (download here), which is a popular app version of the enormously successful Reddit online forum.
And the "fan favourite" game was PUBG, or PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds (download here), a graphically impressive shooter that plays like Fortnite.
4 PUBG came top in the User's Choice Awards for best game
Here are Google's five top apps for a selection of other Google Play Store categories.
Most Entertaining:

VIMAGE – cinemagraph creator & life photo animator (download now)
No.Draw – Colours by Number 2018 (download now)
Neverthink: The TV of the Internet (download now)
Tik Tok – including musical.ly (download now)
Scout FM – Podcast Radio (download now)

Best Self Improvement:

Mimo: Learn to Code (download now)
Drops: Learn 31 new languages (download now)
10% Happier: Meditation for Fidgety Skeptics (download now)
Keep Trainer – Workout Trainer & Fitness Coach (download now)
MasterClass: Learn How To Cook, Sing, Act and More (download now)

4 Video app Tik Tok was voted one of the most entertaining apps of 2018
Best Daily Helper:

Tasty (download now)
Otter Voice Notes (download now)
Canva (download now)
Notion – Notes, Tasks, Wikis (download now)
Woebot (download now)

MOST READ IN TECHCORE OF THE PROBLEM? Apple engineer says pressure to design iPhone is reason I’m divorced GRAM SLAM Instagram leaks 'private details' of 49MILLION users – including phone numbers LatestHUNG UP EE back up after five HOUR outage that left thousands unable to make calls ExclusiveNO WEI! EE, O2 and Vodafone slammed for selling Huawei phones 'that might not work' ONE GIANT LEAK Secret Nasa plans for lunar base and 37 rocket launches to the Moon 'leaked' BETTER TOGETHER Clever Netflix trick lets you binge-watch TV with pals from ANYWHERE 
Best Hidden Gems:

Luci – Lucid Dream Journal (download now)
Just a Line – Draw Anywhere, with AR (download now)
Unfold (download now)
Learn Spanish with Lirica: Music Language Learning (download now)
Slowly (download now)

What's your favourite smartphone app or game? Let us know in the comments!

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


