Kim Jong-un rages at American ‘hostile forces’ as sanctions hit his dream ‘North Korean Benidorm’ resort
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7829709/kim-jong-un-north-korea-benidorm-resort-sanctions/
26th November 2018, 12:48 pm
NORTH Korea has lashed out at the US after Kim Jong-un's plans for a dream beach resort modelled on Benidorm were hit by sanctions.
The dictator ordered the resort to be built on a stretch of coast previously used for missile tests after sending officials on a fact finding trip to the Costa Blanca last year.
Credit: Pen News12 The resort is inspired by the Costa Blanca
Now, dissatisfied with how work is progressing, he has further damaged his fragile peace with the West by slamming the impact of US-led sanctions.
It comes just days after he supervised North Korea's first weapons test in a year, trialling a "high-tech tactical weapon".
Visiting the beach resort in Wonsan, on the reclusive country's east coast, Kim Jong-un called construction "a decisive battle" for the "authority" of his party.
He said: "The hostile forces are foolishly keen on vicious sanctions to stand in our way."
Credit: Pen News12 Kim Jong-un has said sanctions are slowing down the project
Getty - Contributor12 The actual Benidorm - inspiration for Kim's resort
Credit: Pen News12 The resort is aimed mainly at Chinese tourists
Credit: Pen News12 The resort will be of little benefit to citizens of the impoverished nation, said one expert
Kim went on to say continuing construction of the Wonsan-Kalma coastal tourist area in such a "difficult and tense situation" would represent an "on-target impact on hostile forces".
He also demanded a number of new additions to the project, ordering "more hotels and inns with over 30 floors" as well as a "large water park" and an "all-event stadium".
The tubby tyrant added: "They will be made to clearly see how our country has built its strength hundreds of times defying hardship."
North Korea expert Markus Bell, of the University of Sheffield, said the resort would be of little benefit to most people living under the Kim regime.
Reuters12 Kim Jong-un's regime has faced sanctions as a result of its nuclear weapons programme
Credit: Pen News12 Kim has demanded 'popular heroism and indomitable fighting spirit' from workers
Credit: Pen News12 The project is due to be completed in October 2019
Credit: Pen News12 The outline of the buildings are complete but it appears a lot work remains to be done
Credit: Pen News12 Kim Jong-un said the project would represent an 'on target' blow to enemies of North Korea
He said: "Of course ordinary North Koreans are unlikely to ever be able to make use of such facilities.
"They are constructed as both a rest and relaxation destination for Korean Worker's Party elites and as a magnet for foreign, specifically Chinese, capital.”
Chinese tourists account for roughly 80 per cent of all foreign visitors to the North, it's estimated.
Dr Bell added: "Kim has promised two things to the North Korean people: a strong military and an improved economy.
"North Korea's recently acquired nuclear capabilities mean that Kim feels more secure than he did before and able to go ahead with projects like the beach resort.
Credit: Pen News12 The area was formerly used for missile testing
Credit: Pen News12 The resort features a water park and a stadium, among other facilities
Donald Trump grilled over his claims he 'fell in love' with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un
"We shouldn't underestimate the symbolic value of these projects.
"They can be pointed to by the North Korean government and its supporters as signs that the young leader is set on making North Korea a 'normal' state."
North Korea's delegation to Spain reportedly travelled from Barcelona through Valencia to Alicante in June last year, looking for inspiration.
It's was reported they were "amazed by the dimensions" of Benidorm's towers and holiday parks.
MOST READ IN NEWS DYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
Work on the Wonsan-Kalma resort began in January and pictures from Kim's visit show that the skeletons of its many hotels are largely complete.
The dictator has demanded "popular heroism and indomitable fighting spirit" from his workers to ensure his deadline of October 10, 2019, is met.
Wonsan beach was the launch site for a failed missile test on March 21 last year, while the neighbouring airfield was used for a successful test two months later on May 28.
The beach also hosted North Korea's "largest-ever" artillery drill in April 2017, showcasing "300 large-calibre self-propelled guns".
North Korea puts on a massive live-fire artillery drill as a U.S. submarine docks in the South 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.'


 

