Fernando Alonso won’t be missed by F1 — he will regret snubbing Ferrari and being embroiled in Spygate scandal
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/motorsport/7804653/fernando-alonso-formula-one-f1-abu-dhabi-gp-ben-hunt/
23rd November 2018, 8:35 am
FERNANDO ALONSO will call time on his Formula One career this weekend in Abu Dhabi.
He will leave the sport with two world titles but arguably should have more to his name.
Reuters12 Spaniard Fernando Alonso celebrates lifting the last of his two world titles - both with Renault - by coming second at the Brazilian Grand Prix in 2006
Consistently voted one of the best drivers on the grid and one who the sport's owners, Liberty Media, tried to encourage to change his mind and stay on.
But will F1 actually miss Alonso or is it a case of good riddance?
First of all, let's get this straight. Alonso is a great Formula One driver.
He is retiring from F1 to pursue his dream of winning the ‘Triple Crown’ - victories in the Monaco F1 GP, the Le Mans 24 hour race and the Indy 500.
AP:Associated Press12 Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton were fierce rivals as team-mates at McLaren
EPA12 Fernando Alonso won 32 GPs in all, including this 2010 success in Bahrain
It's up for debate how prestigious this trinity is.
Only Graham Hill has complete the set yet it has only really become a thing since Alonso started mentioning it.
Nevertheless, the history books will show the Spaniard has won 32 F1 races.
His two world titles came in 2005 and 2006 when he was with Renault and the way he delivered in his first season in the World Endurance Championship also marks him out as one of the best on four wheels.
AP:Associated Press12 Fernando Alonso won the world title with Renault in 2005 and 2006, helped by this triumph in the 2005 Chinese GP
Reuters12 Fernando Alonso enjoys his victory lap at the Japanese GP in October 2006
Yet for all his talent, of which there is no doubt, he should be departing the sport as a more-decorated individual.
Instead, he is leaving with the reputation for some as one of the sport's unluckiest champions.
Unlucky because he missed out on winning the title with McLaren in 2007 when he was embroiled in an intra-team battle with Lewis Hamilton before subsequently jumping ship while Hamilton won it the following year?
Unlucky because he missed out when he was at Ferrari and came up against a dominant Sebastian Vettel in a rampant Red Bull in 2012 and 2013?
Reuters12 Some pundits and fans have labelled Fernando Alonso as one of the unluckiest drivers in Formula One - and he is now departing from the sport
Getty Images - Getty12 Fernando Alonso will have another stab at the Indianapolis 500 - which he contested last year - as part of his bid for the 'Triple Crown'
Unlucky because he rejoined McLaren in 2015 for around £25million a year as their partnership with Honda failed spectacularly while Ferrari took off?
People say you make your own luck but perhaps the other perspective, that it is down to poor career choices, could equally be applied.
Let's not forget, this is the man who counts Flavio Briatore as one of his advisors.
The same man who instigated one of the sport's darkest times through bad judgement.
EPA12 Highly controversial Flavio Briatore has been an advisor to Fernando Alonso
Getty Images - Getty12 Spaniard Fernando Alonso is quitting F1 to pursue his 'Triple Crown' dream
Dubbed crashgate, Briatore was banned from F1 after one of his drivers, Nelson Piquet Jr, later claimed he'd been ordered to crash during the Singapore Grand Prix in 2008 and the subsequent deployment of the safety car, which in turn would benefit Alonso.
While Alonso was cleared of any wrongdoing, he was named in the Spygate sage; the discovery of Ferrari intellectual property at McLaren which would end up costing the Woking based team a record £100million fine.
It was somewhat ironic that he would turn back to the same team in the latter part of his career.
While Alonso had always maintained top seats were still available, he found himself back at McLaren and their fledgling partnership with engine suppliers Honda.
It didn't take long for the cracks in their relationship to reappear.
McLaren's Executive Chairman at the time, Ron Dennis, had first-hand experience of dealing with Alonso before.
Reuters12 Fernando Alonso enjoys 2005 title glory at Sao Paulo after coming third in Brazil
Dennis was also adamant that the team would only progress and challenge the likes of Mercedes and Ferrari if they had their own engine supplier onboard, not to mention the huge investment Honda pumped in.
The problem for Dennis was two fold. Honda's engine was unreliable and Alonso hated it.
His criticism of Honda was relentless and toe-curling, it was embarrassing at times as he publicly shamed Honda.
Yet while Dennis was ousted during an internal power struggle, at the end of 2017, McLaren ditched Honda and retained Alonso.
AP:Associated Press12 Fernando Alonso was cleared of blame after team-mate Nelson Piquet Jr said Renault told him to deliberately crash to help the Spanish driver
Lewis Hamilton celebrates being crowned Formula One world champion for fifth time after fourth place finish in Mexico
He'd won his war yet it was all in vain as, despite using Renault's engines this season, his season has been a series of struggles for points, often requiring his abundance of skill just to finish in the top 10.
His frustration all too apparent, he has taken pop-shots at F1, insisting that his decision to quit was not down to a lack of options at competitive teams but down to his decision to race elsewhere and seek interesting new challenges.
Interesting then, that when he announced his plans to quit F1 after this weekend that he would implicate F1's owners in his press release, praising them for trying to change his mind about leaving.
It sparked rumours Liberty had spoken to leading teams to encourage them to sign Alonso, giving the impression that they - or F1 - couldn't do without him.
most read in motorsportLatest'A LEGEND HAS LEFt us' F1 icon Niki Lauda dies aged 70 - months after lung transplant warningWEIGHT AND SEE Bone-crunching moment powerlifter's leg SNAPS in horror accident PicturedMY HERO Lewis Hamilton's emotional tribute to 'bright light' Niki Lauda after F1 icon dies RevealedNEED FOR SPEED Lauda’s wife saved his life by donating kidney before marrying in 7 minutes F1 ace How old was Niki Lauda, how did he die, and how many children did F1 legend have? Graphic WarningRACE HERO KILLED Worker killed in 110mph crash after car loses control and spins off track 
Whether true or not, Alonso had let it know that they wanted him to remain in F1 but he was off. He'd had enough.
So this is it, his final race before McLaren launch themselves into an Indycar project in the hope of landing him the Triple Crown (we will have to see how that pans out!)
There will be those who hail his departure as a loss to Formula One.
Yet I suspect that opinion will be shared by fewer people than he actually thinks.
AFP12 Third place in the Brazil GP in 200 gave Fernando Alonso his first world F1 crown

