One in four Brits has China on ‘bucket list’ and Great Wall is top attraction they want to see, study finds
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7804791/brits-bucket-list-china-great-wall/
22nd November 2018, 4:33 pm

ONE in four Brits has China on their 'bucket list' - and the Great Wall tops the list of attractions they most want to visit, a study has found.
A poll of 2,000 adults also found China beat Singapore, Bali and South Korea as countries we would most like to visit.
Getty - Contributor3 The Great Wall has topped the list of attractions Brits want to see
Other top sights Brits would love to see in the Far East include the Terracotta Army in Xi’an and the Forbidden City in Beijing.
The study also found around six out of ten wrongly believe the Great Wall is visible from space – which in fact is an urban myth.
More than a third would like the opportunity to get up close and personal with the giant pandas at Chengdu’s Panda Base.
As well as being able to see giant pandas, the base also cares for other rare and endangered wild animals within the area.
Alamy3 Other top sights include the Forbidden City in Beijing
Handout3 The Terracotta Army in Xi’an is also on the British 'bucket list'
One in six Brits would happily try all foods on offer in China – including snake and insects.
Thirty-five per cent would not rule out eating 1,000-year-old eggs and 41 per cent wouldn’t say no to chicken feet.
But, despite the adventures on offer the souvenir most Brits would like to bring back would be a humble fridge magnet, followed by some Chinese snacks.
Hongbing Chen, deputy general manager for Air China Europe, which commissioned the research, said: “Although it’s surprising that so few Brits have travelled to China, it’s fantastic to see there is such a strong appetite to travel to the country.

Most Read in World NewsZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ‘HEINOUS ABUSE’ Girl, 3, dies after being 'raped and battered by stepdad while mum watched' MIRACLE TOT Toddler, 3, survives plunging 30ft and being impaled on 6ft-long rod SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk LIT FUSE Sick moment Russian thug punches woman in the face and knocks her out outside club 'I WANTED TO GET RID OF HER' Mum, 21, abandoned daughter, 2, to ‘spend time with boyfriend' 
“To help Brits achieve their dreams by beginning their journey to China, Air China is pleased to offer premium services on board new, wider aircraft which provide a regular and reliable service between China and the UK.
“Air China strives to constantly better-serve its passengers and aims to allow travellers to chase their dreams, while also building lasting connections between the UK and China.”
Chinese 'gait recognition' technology uses people's body shapes and how they walk to identify them

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


