Dolce & Gabbana founder ‘calls China a crap country’ after race row over advert featuring Asian woman eating pizza with chopsticks
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7800209/dolce-gabbana-founder-calls-china-a-crap-country-after-race-row-over-advert-featuring-asian-woman-eating-pizza-with-chopsticks/
22nd November 2018, 9:41 am
DOLCE & Gabbana have apologised after one of its founders called China a “country of c**p” using a poo emojis.
Stefano Gabbana claimed his Instagram account had been hacked after screen shots of his conversations sparked outrage in China.
Dolce & Gabbana/Instagram7 Dolce & Gabbana have been branded 'racist' after posting an advert of a Chinese woman eating pizza with chopsticks
In the now deleted exchange, he also referred to the Chinese as “ignorant dirty smelling mafia".
His remarks came after the fashion house was branded racist after releasing an ad campaign in which a Chinese woman was showing trying to eat pizza with chopsticks.
"We are very sorry for any distress caused by these unauthorized posts. We have othing but respect for China and the people of China," read Dolce & Gabbana's apology.
The fashion house also cancelled a catwalk show in Shanghai after local celebrities withdrew their co-operation.
 
Instagram.com/diet_prada7 Stefano Gabbana has apologised for his Instagram post
Getty - Contributor7 He claimed his account had been hacked
Stefano Gabbana also wrote on his Instagram: "I love China and Chinese culture. I'm sorry for what happened."
Zhang Ziyi, who starred in "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon," said on one of her social media accounts that the Italian brand had "disgraced itself".
The studio for pop idol Karry Wang, an Asia-Pacific brand ambassador for Dolce & Gabbana, said that it had informed the fashion house that it would terminate all cooperation with the brand.
Both Wang and Zhang had been invited to attend the event in Shanghai.
Dolce & Gabbana/Instagram7 The Instagram advert showed a Chinese woman eating a variety of Italian foods with chopsticks
Dolce & Gabbana have now removed the adverts, which comprised of short clips posted to Instagram.
The videos are a part of the firm's new DG Loves China campaign promoting the now cancelled runway show in Shanghai.
The ads show the same woman attempting to eat a pizza, a Sicilian cannoli and a large bowl of spaghetti.
The captions on the posts said: “Welcome to Episode 1 with Dolce & Gabbana’s ‘Eating with Chopsticks’.
“First up today is how to use this stick shaped cutlery to eat your GREAT traditional Pizza Margherita.”
The fashion house said they were meant to be "love letters to China" but they sparked outrage in China.
The campaign was also posted to the Chinese social media platform Weibo where it was deleted less than 24 hours after it was uploaded.
On Weibo, "Boycott Dolce" has now been discussed more than 18,000 times.
Some users have asked that an apology to be issued - in both Chinese and English.
Instagram users have also slammed the brand with the majority of comments underneath the videos asking for immediate removal of the campaign.
One person wrote: “Crass. Racist. Condescending.”
Dolce & Gabbana/Instagram7 Some on social media have called for a boycott of the fashion house in the wake of the advert
Chloxu7 said: “This is absolutely unacceptable! It has been three days and the content is not taken down.
Vvvvlu said: “Dolce & Gabbana are racist and did not bother to learn the first thing about their Chinese customers. This ad is an insult to my culture.”
Shirley07mh wrote: “Full of stereotype, irony and discrimination.”
The Italian designers - Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana - are no strangers to controversy and have had bust-ups with A-listers including Elton John and Selena Gomez in the past.
Elton called for a boycott of the 33-year-old fashion brand after Dolce labelled children born through IVF “synthetic”.
anusuyamitra1/Instagram7
vvvvlu/Instagram7 Online users have demanded an apology to be issued in both Chinese and English
The singer and songwriter, 67, who has two children with his husband, David Furnish, angrily responded to the designer for criticising same-sex families and the use of fertility treatment.
In an Instagram post, John said: “How dare you refer to my beautiful children as ‘synthetic’.
“And shame on you for wagging your judgemental little fingers at IVF – a miracle that has allowed legions of loving people, both straight and gay, to fulfil their dream of having children.
“Your archaic thinking is out of step with the times, just like your fashions. I shall never wear Dolce and Gabbana ever again. #BoycottDolceGabbana.”
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ‘HEINOUS ABUSE’ Girl, 3, dies after being 'raped and battered by stepdad while mum watched' MIRACLE TOT Toddler, 3, survives plunging 30ft and being impaled on 6ft-long rod SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk LIT FUSE Sick moment Russian thug punches woman in the face and knocks her out outside club 'I WANTED TO GET RID OF HER' Mum, 21, abandoned daughter, 2, to ‘spend time with boyfriend' WILLY RIDDLE Man wakes up from boozy night out to find penis cut off and has no idea how SISTER'S DESPAIR I believe she's dead, says sister of missing Costa del Sol waitress BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed 
The incident regarding Selena Gomez in June 2018 saw 55-year-old Gabbana comment underneath a collage of photos of Gomez: “She’s so ugly!!!”
In a post uploaded to his Instagram story but since deleted, the Italian designer mocked Gomez fans who requested he apologise to her with a screenshot where he said: “My name is Selena!!! #saysorrytome” with a caption of laughing emojis.
The Asia Pacific region makes up around 30 per cent of D&G sales.


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


