Here’s the 20 top TV shows you have to watch throughout the festive period
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/7789465/20-top-tv-shows-festive-period/
20th November 2018, 11:18 pm
IT’S the most wonderful time of year – for telly, that is.
Christmas is coming, and with it the usual blockbuster line-up for the TV schedules.
21 Here are 20 of the best TV shows to catch throughout December
With comedy, drama, cartoons and reality show specials — featuring A-list stars, national treasures and celebrity chefs — there is a dazzling array of choice to keep you going through the winter nights.
Here are 20 of the best to catch throughout December.
WATERSHIP DOWN
BBC1, date TBC
BBC21 The movie features a small group of rabbits and the story is a reworking of the novel by Richard Adams
James McAvoy, Nicholas Hoult and Sir Ben Kingsley voice this four-part mini-series about a bunch of rabbits fleeing the destruction of their home.
The animation is a reworking of the Richard Adams novel and 1978 movie of the same name.
THE ABC MURDERS
BBC1, date TBC
BBC21 The ABC Murders on BBC1 is Agatha's Christie's adaptation on a story about a series of killings by a mysterious murderer known only as 'ABC'
This Agatha Christie adaptation sees John Malkovich play Belgian detective Hercule Poirot opposite an all-star cast, including Harry Potter actor Rupert Grint, Game of Thrones’ Tara Fitzgerald and Broadchurch’s Andrew Buchan.
LES MISERABLES
BBC1, date TBC
BBC21 The BBC's adaptation of Les Mis has a star-studded cast including Lily Collins, Dominic West and Olivia Colman
The Beeb’s lavish adaptation of Victor Hugo’s book has a star-studded cast including Lily Collins, Dominic West and Olivia Colman.
And best of all, it doesn’t feature the awful singing of the 2012 movie version starring Russell Crowe.
SO THIS IS CHRISTMAS
Channel 4, date TBC
Handout21 Alan Carr return to Channel 4 with a very similar programme to his much-loved Chatty Man show
Alan Carr makes a spectacular return to Channel 4 two years after his much-loved Chatty Man series was axed.
The comic’s festive offering seems to have copied the same format – with superstar guests, gags, games and great music.
THE LONG SONG
BBC1, date TBC
BBC21 The movie is an adaptation of the historical novel by Andrea Levy published in 2010
Tamara Lawrance heads a cast that includes Hayley Atwell and Sir Lenny Henry in this three-part adaptation of Andrea Levy’s novel.
Set in 19th century Jamaica during the dying days of slavery, it charts one woman’s extraordinary struggle to survive.
GREAT BRITISH BAKE OFF
Channel 4, date TBC
Channel 421 Great British Bake Off returns for Christmas and New Year specials on Channel 4
Fans will be relieved to know that Bake Off is returning for Christmas and New Year specials with Paul Hollywood, Prue Leith, Sandi Toksvig and Noel Fielding in charge of proceedings.
The four ex-contestants are being kept under wraps.
JAMIE’S QUICK AND EASY CHRISTMAS
Channel 4, date TBC
handout21 Jamie Oliver will appear on Channel 4 to suggest some delicious ideas for a Christmas banquet
Easy to remember and quick to cook, Jamie will show us the simple way to create a fabulous Christmas banquet.
THE INBETWEENERS TENTH BIRTHDAY PARTY
Channel 4, date TBC
Channel 421 The Inbetweeners reunite for a special episode celebrating the tenth anniversary of the comedy show
Simon Bird, James Buckley, Joe Thomas and Blake Harrison reunite for a two-hour special as they mark the tenth anniversary of the cult comedy.
The documentary will feature special guests, unseen footage and behind-the-scenes gossip.
THE DEAD ROOM
BBC4, date TBC
BBC21 The one-off house story stars stage and screen veteran Simon Callow
Sherlock star Mark Gatiss has created this one-off ghost story featuring Four Weddings And A Funeral’s Simon Callow and Bodyguard’s Anjli Mohindra.
Gatiss plays a veteran radio host disturbed by spooky goings-on in his studio.
UPSTART CROW
BBC2, date TBC
BBC21 Upstart Crow's Christmas special screening includes a guest appearance from Lily Cole
The hit comedy about the life of William Shakespeare returns for a special.
Written by Ben Elton, it stars Peep Show’s David Mitchell as the Bard opposite a special guest appearance from Lily Cole.
CLICK AND COLLECT
BBC1, date TBC
Rex Features21 Click and Collect is a Christmas comedy in which mismatched neighbours are thrown together on a road trip
A one-off comedy starring The Office’s Stephen Merchant and Asim Chaudhry, from People Just Do Nothing, as mismatched neighbours driving across the country to pick up the one toy that will make a little girl’s Christmas dreams come true.
MRS BROWN’S BOYS
BBC1, date TBC
TV Company21 The show follows the life and antics of Agnes Brown, a matriarch who interferes in the lives of her friends and family members
Brendan O’Carroll’s indomitable Irish matriarch returns for two Christmas offerings. Expect the traditional oversized and malfunctioning tree in the living room of her tiny terraced house.
CARE
BBC1, date TBC
BBC21 The BBC drama has a star-studded cast including Sheridan Smith and her former Gavin & Stacey co-star Alison Steadman
Brookside, Cracker and The Street writer Jimmy McGovern has created this 90-minute drama about a single working mum (Sheridan Smith) trying to raise her two kids when her own mother (Alison Steadman) develops dementia.
THE MIDNIGHT GANG
BBC1, date TBC
TWITTER21 David Walliams plays the headmaster in the seventh TV adaptation of his book
David Walliams stars in the seventh TV adaptation of his children’s books, playing a headmaster dealing with an unruly group of kids who get up to all sorts of adventures when the clock strikes 12.
ZOG
BBC1, Christmas Day
BBC21 This adaptation of Julia Donaldson and Axel Scheffler’s children’s book tells the story of a young dragon and his unlikely friendship with a girl
Following in the footsteps of The Gruffalo, The Highway Rat and Stick Man, this adaptation of Julia Donaldson and Axel Scheffler’s children’s book includes voiceovers from Sir Lenny Henry, Tracey Ullman and Game of Thrones hunk Kit Harington.
TORVILL & DEAN
ITV, Christmas Day
PA:Press Association/PA Images21 The drama charts their rise to fame from humble origins in Nottingham
Anita Dobson and Stephen Tompkinson star in this warts-and-all biopic of Olympic ice skaters Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean. The drama charts their rise to fame from humble origins in Nottingham.
STRICTLY COME DANCING
BBC1, Christmas Day
PA:Press Association21 Strictly Come Dancing will be shown on Christmas Day on BBC1
A top line-up of some of the best-loved former contestants – including Aston Merrygold, Michael Vaughan, Caroline Flack and the unforgettable Ann Widdecombe – return for the annual special.
CALL THE MIDWIFE SPECIAL
BBC1, Christmas Day
BBC21 From left to right: Nurse Barbara Hereward (Charlotte Ritchie), nurse Trixie Franklin (Helen George), nurse Lucille Anderson (Leonie Elliot) and nurse Valerie Dyer (Jennifer Kirby)
Set in Christmas 1963, the classic cast return for this festive favourite ahead of series eight next year. Miriam Margolyes guest stars as Sister Mildred, a no-nonsense nun who has her hands full with a group of Chinese orphans.
THE JONATHAN ROSS SHOW
ITV, Boxing Day
ITV21 The line-up of the chat show Christmas special includes the appearance of The Lord Of The Rings and X-Men legend Sir Ian McKellen
The chat show host has a suitably starry line-up on the sofa to celebrate Christmas.
They include The Lord Of The Rings and X-Men legend Sir Ian McKellen, newsreader and Antiques Roadshow host Fiona Bruce and Downton Abbey’s Lily James.
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 
DOCTOR WHO SPECIAL
BBC1, New Year’s Day
BBC21 The BBC has taken a radical step to ditch the traditional Christmas Day special for the first time in 13 years
After changing the Time Lord’s gender with the appointment of new doctor Jodie Whittaker, the Beeb has taken another radical step, ditching the traditional Christmas Day special for the first time in 13 years.
Luckily we have an epic adventure to start 2019.
Kate Silverton is voted off Strictly Come Dancing in Blackpool after dancing an American Smooth


GOT a story? RING The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk


 

