Today’s Google Doodle – what is the Heisei period and who is Japan Emperor Akihito?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8967101/todays-google-doodle-heisei-period/
30th April 2019, 7:28 am
GOOGLE has produced a special Doodle on April 30 just for the nation of Japan, to mark Emperor Akihito's historic abdication.
But what is the Heisei period which translates as “achieving peace” ?
4 Tuesday's Google Doodle in Japan marks the end of the Heisei era
What is the Heisei era?
This era, or “gengo”, began when Emperor Akihito took the throne on January 8, 1989.
He took over on the death of his father Emperor Showa.
It has now ended with Akihito stepping down, making way for his eldest son Crown Prince Naruhito.
This is the 247th Japanese era after they adopted the system in 645AD.
AP:Associated Press4 Emperor Akihito has stepped down making way for his eldest son
Who is Emperor Akihito?
Akihito, 85, was the first Japanese monarch to take the throne under a post-war constitution that defines the emperor as a symbol of the people without political power.
His father, Hirohito, in whose name Japanese troops fought World War Two, was considered a living deity until after Japan’s 1945 defeat, when he renounced his divinity.
Akihito, together with Empress Michiko, his wife of 60 years and the first commoner to marry an imperial heir, carved out an active role as a symbol of reconciliation, peace and democracy.
The Emperor, who has had treatment for prostate cancer and heart surgery, said in a televised address in 2016 that he feared his age would make it hard for him to carry out his duties fully.
And April 30, 2019, will see his abdication due to his age and declining health.
AP:Associated Press4 Japan's Emperor Akihito, right, leaves after a ritual to report his abdication to the throne, at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo
Why does Japan name its eras?
The tradition of naming gengos dates back to 645AD when Emperor Kōtoku took the throne.
He introduced reforms developing a fairer system of government.
To reflect the changes he had made, he decided to adopt Chinese practice of naming eras.
He chose Taika meaning “great change.”
Gengos aims to express a vision for the future and inspire the Japanese people.
Specifically, the gengō aims to express a vision for the future and speaks to the hopes and dreams of the Japanese people.
Reuters4 Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito leaves the Imperial Palace as he's set to begin the Reiwa period
What is the next era called?
Japan's government announced the new era for Naruhito would be called Reiwa, which means pursuing harmony.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government chose the name from an ancient Japanese document.
This broke from tradition as the eras had previously been named from classic Chinese literature.
What is a Google Doodle?
In 1998, the search engine founders Larry and Sergey drew a stick figure behind the second 'o' of Google as a message to that they were out of office at the Burning Man festival and with that, Google Doodles were born.
The company decided that they should decorate the logo to mark cultural moments and it soon became clear that users really enjoyed the change to the Google homepage.
In that same year, a turkey was added to Thanksgiving and two pumpkins appeared as the 'o's for Halloween the following year.
Now, there is a full team of doodlers, illustrators, graphic designers, animators and classically trained artists who help create what you see on those days.
MORE GOOGLE DOODLESSUR-PRIZE Nobel Prize-winning doctor Willem Einthoven is honoured in today's Google Doodle SMEAR CAMPAIGN Google Doodle honours Georgios Papanikolaou who invented the Pap test ACID TEST Google Doodle celebrates Lucy Wills, the scientist who discovered folic acid SURF RIDER Who was Eddie Aikau, when did he die and what was his cause of death? LIFE IN ART Today's Google Doodle - meet Ruth Asawa, the celebrated American sculptor 
Google kicked off 2019 with an animated Doodle of New Year's Eve celebrations.
And on February 5, 2019, the Chinese New Year was celebrated with a hand animation transforming into a pig.
St Patrick's Day in March 17 was remembered with a Celtic Google Doodle.
And on march 21 Google Doodle used AI for the first time in a tribute to Johann Sebastian Bach.
The Doodle allowed users to create their own tune.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours

 

