Slavisa Jokanovic’s odds of Watford return slashed following Fulham sacking
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/7746213/slavisa-jokanovics-odds-watford-slashed-fulham/
15th November 2018, 11:37 am
SLAVISA JOKANOVIC'S odds of a shock return to Watford have tumbled following his Fulham departure.
Jokanovic could return to the Premier League after he was sacked by the Cottagers and replaced swifly by Claudio Ranieri.
Getty Images - Getty2 Slavisa Jokanovic guided Watford to promotion to the Premier League in 2015
The Serb is just 9/2 to back in the home dugout at Vicarage Road after previously managing the Hornets in the Championship.
Jokanovic was in-charge of Watford on a short-term deal in the 2014/15 season.
During the 50-year-old's reign Watford gained promotion to the Premier League, but talks of a new deal fell through and he was replaced by Quique Sanchez Flores.
Betfair: Stefan Jokanovic's next club
Watford 9/2
Any Serbian club 15/2
Sheffield Wednesday 8/1
Stoke 10/1
Any Chinese club 10/1
Chelsea 50/1

There is no indication Watford are looking to sack their current boss Javi Gracia.
This season the Hornets got off to a dream start, winning their opening five games as they are now seventh in the Premier League.
Betfair Spokesperson Katie Baylis said: “Following his sacking yesterday, Jakanovic’s future is up in the air and there’s speculation over where he may go next.
AFP or licensors2
"We make Watford the 9/2 fav for his next club, followed by any Serbian club at 15/2.
"If he was to stay in England then he may need to move down the leagues and we have Sheffield Wednesday at 8/1 and Stoke at 10/1.”
Jokanovic revolutionised Fulham's style of play and they were easy on the eye in the Championship as they gained promotion to the top flight.
But after a huge influx of players, worth over £100million, the Serb could not carry this form into the Premier League.
And was sacked after losing seven games in a row - winning their only league game back in August against Burnley.
Most recent betting tipsEL CLASICO Football tips: Real Madrid vs Barcelona – Predictions, tips and odds Hammertime Football tips: West Ham vs Newcastle – Predictions, tips and odds North london derby Tottenham vs Arsenal: Betting tips, predictions and odds Serg-ing forward Football tips: Chelsea vs Man City - Predictions, tips and odds tOP POG Football tips: Manchester United vs Liverpool - Predictions, tips and odds KLOPP DERBY Liverpool v Bayern Munich - Predictions, tips and odds top tips Chelsea vs Man Utd - Predictions, tips and odds for FA Cup clash Europa League tips BATE vs Arsenal and Malmo vs Chelsea - Predictions, tips and odds 
Claudio Ranieri returns to the Premier League taking charge of Fulham following Slavisa Jokanovic sacking 

