Leicester City owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha showed how to make the impossible a reality.. and he did so much for the city
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/7614115/leicester-srivaddhanaprabha-impossible-possible/
31st October 2018, 1:05 pm
AS Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha’s helicopter rose above his beloved King Power Stadium for the last time on Saturday night he might have felt a final, justifiable moment of pride.
For the Thai billionaire had not only been the driving force behind one of the greatest sporting stories ever told — the city of Leicester itself had also benefited greatly from his generosity.
AFP7 Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha knew how to make the impossible possible
There was £2million for a nearby children’s hospital. A further £1m to the University of Leicester to fund medical research and £100,000 to help re-bury Richard III.
In a sport often in thrall to big bucks and the bottom line, Vichai had never forgotten it is the fans who make football and that a a club is rooted in its community.
Yesterday, supporters — many in tears — gathered amid a growing sea of floral tributes at the King Power to pay tribute to a man who “made our dreams come true”.
Retired Diane Statham, 59, a Foxes fan for half a century, revealed: “When we came to the stadium to get a coach for away games there would be a free breakfast of tea, coffee and bacon rolls.
Who was Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha? Leicester City owner dead following helicopter crash outside King Power Stadium
EPA7 Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha was a legend for the city of Leicester
Instagram @vardy77 Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha was adored by fans and players alike
“At other times there would be free hats and scarves, cake, doughnuts, mince pies and beer. He also gave away free season tickets.
“It wasn’t us and them. He respected us and we respected him. It was like a family.”
Mum-of-two Ann Abson, 76, added: “He made Leicester famous around the world and he did so much for our city.”
Known simply as the Boss at Leicester, the billionaire duty-free magnate’s death at 60 has robbed the club of its benefactor and figurehead.
Leicester owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha’s  son lays wreath on the pitch at King Power Stadium surrounded by the team and staff 
MORE LEICESTER STORIESGossipSHOOTING SARR Arsenal face competition from Leicester for £25m Rennes star Ismaila Sarr GossipTiele tale Leicester in race against time to sort Tielemans transfer with Prem giants keen SHOOTING SARR Arsenal joined by Leicester in £25m transfer race for Rennes ace Ismaila Sarr GOOD, BAD & UGLY From Hazard's wondergoal and fantastic Man City to the shambles at Man Utd HUGH MUST BE JOKING As Hughton is sacked here are 11 other managers who were harshly fired Leicester 0 Chelsea 0 Hazard plays just 20 minutes as Blues draw blank at King Power RevealedFLOP XI Worst Prem Team of the Season: From Mustafi to Sanchez, check out 2018-19's flop XI PREVIEW Is Leicester vs Chelsea on TV? Channel, live stream, kick-off time and team news Harry Up Leicester eye Tarkowski as summer replacement for Maguire ExclusiveJOR ACHE Brendan Rodgers eyes Leicester reunion with Bournemouth winger Jordon Ibe BHOYS BACK Leicester take Celtic head of recruitment Congerton to reunite him with Rodgers END OF AN ERA Leicester confirm Prem heroes Simpson and Okazaki will leave at end of season 
CCTV of moment Leicester owner, Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha's helicopter plummets towards the ground
Little was known about Vichai when he bought the ailing East Midlands football club in 2010 for £39m.
They were languishing in the Championship and had never won the top flight in their then 126-year history.
He is said to have pumped huge funds into the club, buying the King Power and wiping out Leicester’s debt.
He would fly in monks from Thailand’s Golden Buddha temple to bless Leicester’s pitch before games. The monks would even splash holy water on the players’ feet.
Star striker Jamie Vardy said: “It’s like you’re literally having a shower, there’s that much water going everywhere.”
Once unimaginable glory soon followed. Their historic 5,000-1 Premier League win in 2016 was described by Foxes and England legend Gary Lineker as the “biggest sporting shock in history”.
The following season, the provincial club reached the quarter-finals of the Champions League, where they were knocked out by Spanish giants Atletico Madrid.
Former Leicester player and match-day announcer Alan Birchenall, 73, told The Sun at the time: “Walt Disney wouldn’t have dreamt this up.
“There’s nowhere on the planet where they play football that our story isn’t known.”
AP:Associated Press7 Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha led Leicester to their famous Prem title victory
So who was the man now mourned by football fans across the globe?
Born Vichai Raksriaksorn in 1958 to well-off Thai-Chinese parents, he said that his interest in the duty-free business stemmed from passing through airports during his jet-set childhood.
One rumoured story has a young Vichai stepping from the wreckage of a high-speed car crash with just cuts and bruises.
He put his miracle escape down to a “lucky” golden Buddhist charm he was wearing around his neck, that he had bought with a £400 loan from his father.
Today, his collection of similar charms worth around £10m are on display in a museum at King Power’s Bangkok HQ.
After studying in the US and Taiwan, he invested in a Hong Kong duty-free business before taking over the King Power franchise in the 1980s.
The billions would flow when King Power landed an exclusive deal to run the duty-free at Bangkok’s Suvarnabhumi Airport — the 12th busiest in the world.
Getty7 Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha will always be remembered as a Leicester legend
The monopoly has been described as “very controversial”.
King Power faced corruption allegations over £323m said to have been owed to the Thai government — but the case was dismissed in September.
The firm expanded into Cambodia, Macau and China and also invested in restaurants, hotels, solar power and a budget airline.
It is now a global brand with around 10,000 employees.
Vichai was close to the former King of Thailand Bhumibol Adulyadej, who died in 2016, and was given the honorific surname Srivaddhanaprabha which means “light of progressive glory”.
He and wife Aimon have four children, Voramas, Apichet, nicknamed ‘Tip’, and Arunroong, who are all in their thirties, plus Aiyawatt, 30, known as Top.
Worth an estimated £2.9billion, Vichai loved British life, jetting between Thailand, London’s Chelsea Wharf, and his polo stables on a 100-acre Berkshire estate.
He boasted an £11m, 116-foot Sunseeker yacht and a £43m Gulfstream private jet.
Getty7 Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha was an inspiration as Leicester won the league
His polo playing saw him rub shoulders with the Royal Family. Vichai even owned a 60-strong stable of racehorses with apt names such as Come On Leicester.
Yet he also liked to shower wealth on those less fortunate than himself.
He gave £23,000 to a Leicester supporter who was raising cash for research into his son’s rare genetic disorder.
Karamjit Singh, chairman of Leicester’s Hospitals, who received £2m from Vichai, said: “We remain extremely grateful for the very generous donation he made towards our new children’s hospital.
“He knew how to make the impossible possible and has left behind a legacy which we are committed to keeping alive.”
It was a sentiment echoed by the players. They arrived at the stadium yesterday to pay their respects, having taken to social media to express their sorrow and sadness.
Keeper Kasper Schmeichel said: “I’m so totally devastated and heartbroken. This club, this city, is a family. And that is all because of you.
“There was absolutely nothing you wouldn’t do for us. You were so passionate.”
Fans’ favourite and England hero Vardy tweeted: “Struggling to find the right words but to me you are legend.
“An incredible man who had the biggest heart, the soul of Leicester City Football Club. Thank you for everything you did for me, my family and our club. I will truly miss you.”
Getty7 The footballing world has been left to mourn after Vichai's death
The wider football world united around Leicester, with tributes flooding in from across the game.
The European champions said: “Real Madrid are saddened to hear of the passing of Leicester City FC owner, Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha, as well as the others involved in the helicopter accident.
“The club would like to send their condolences to their families, friends and all fans of Leicester.”
Fellow La Liga giants Barcelona tweeted: “Our thoughts are with the whole @lcfc family. Rest in peace.”
The Bundesliga leaders added: “The thoughts of everyone at Borussia Dortmund are with Leicester City and those who have so tragically lost their lives.
"Our deepest condolences with their families, friends and everyone connected to @LCFC.”
And from Italy, Lazio tweeted: “Everyone would like to send their deepest condolences to the families of those who tragically lost their lives and to everyone at @LCFC. Rest in peace.”
It encapsulated the huge popularity of a man whose generosity of spirit and imagination bankrolled the game’s greatest fairytale.
To mark his 60th birthday earlier this year, Vichai gave away 60 free season tickets. In keeping with his kindness, prices for the last four seasons have remained frozen.
Wiping away tears at the floral tributes, labourer Wayne Melbourne, 56, a lifelong fan said: “Leicester will never forget him.”
Crowd burst into round of applause as Leicester City players visit the King Power Stadium to pay tribute to owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha who died in helicopter crash

