Lidl shopper claims wife was left vomiting after finding ‘dead MOUSE’ in microwave rice
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7559933/idl-shopper-wife-vomit-dead-mouse-microwave-rice/
23rd October 2018, 9:29 am
A DISGUSTED shopper claims he found a dead mouse in his Lidl microwave rice - but it ended up being mould.
Richard Leech took a grim snap of the dish showing a grey mass on the side — which he alleged was a cooked rodent.
Richard Leech/Twitter5 A grim photo allegedly shows a dead mouse that was inside a packet of microwave rice
He tweeted the supermarket to ask how the alleged animal - dubbed "Stuart Lidl" by jokers online - got into the packet of Golden Sun pilau rice.
Along with the snap of the his grisly-looking portion of "fried mice", Richard wrote: "“Hi @LidlUK I wonder if you could let me know how this mouse got into my packet rice?
"Now my house stinks of cooked mouse and my wife is uncontrollable vomiting.”
The image sparked a frenzy on Twitter with users flocking to dream up alternative names for the stomach-churning meal.
Richard Leech/Twitter5 Lidl shopper Richard Leech said his wife was left vomiting after opening the packet
One dubbed it bubble and squeak — while another wag called it ratatouille.
Another user @MartynChalk added: “A major rice producer used to be a client if mine back in the day.
"All their big storage containers had rat filters that would remove the rats as the filled up the trucks (A big sieve).
“You won’t buy rice that hasn’t had rodent in it at some point. Just not in the packet.”
A Lidl spokesman later revealed the mystery lump was actually mould.
They said: "It is never our intention for a customer to be dissatisfied in any way, and we were extremely sorry to see that this particular product did not meet the high standards that both we and our customers expect.
"Following contact with the customer, the matter was immediately escalated to our quality assurance team who, through their initial investigation with the supplier, were able to identify the foreign substance as mould.
"Whilst very rare, this can occur as a result of an extremely small hole in the pack.
"We only ever work with reputable accredited suppliers who have extensive controls and procedures in place to verify the quality of products.
"We are, therefore, very disappointed that our expected high standards were not met on this occasion, and are in ongoing contact with the customer on the matter."
Alamy5 Lidl has said it is investigating after Twitter users went into a frenzy (stock image)
5 Twitter user @Hannahcarbis said she was disgusted by the photo
5 Some came up with clever jokes about the grim rice meal
most read in newsDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
Two years ago, Natalie Winter, from Somerset, complained to the firm about a mouse in her family’s dinner.
The packet of Chinese egg fried rice she had bought at Lidl contained what she believed were the remains of a mouse.
Her mum Celia Smith said: "The family were just mesmerised when they saw there was something in it and they certainly didn't want to touch it.
"You don't expect to find a dead mouse in a packet of rice."
Food snob dog refuses to eat Lidl own-brand Wotsits - even when owner tries to fool him


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.



