Could YOU could be an astronaut like Tim Peake? Try these brain-bending puzzles to find out
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/7372160/astronaut-test-tim-peake-book-puzzles-selection-nasa-space/
28th September 2018, 5:44 pm
RECKON you could be the next person on the Moon – or maybe the first human to walk on Mars?
British space hero Tim Peake has published a book revealing trick puzzles astronauts have to solve before being sent to the International Space Station.
PA:Press Association9 British astronaut Tim Peake has challenged us all to pass tough mental aptitude tests
The 46-year-old Chichester native beat more than 9,000 applicants for one of six spots on the European Space Agency's astronaut training programme.
Part of the selection process involved difficult intelligence tests that gauged his logical reasoning.
Tim's new book is called The Astronaut Selection Test Book: Do You Have What it Takes?, and goes on sale on October 4.
But see if you can solve some of the book's most dastardly puzzles right here...
Tim Peake / The Astronaut Selection Test Book9
Test 1
Spatial awareness skills are enormously important for any astronaut, because astronauts often operate equipment they can’t actually see, and are doing so in microgravity, which affects their perception (after all, there is no fixed up or down in weightlessness). On a spacewalk in particular, you are constantly changing your orientation and perspective as you move around. Selectors are looking for good spatial awareness skills.
Imagine that you are facing a cube. This cube can roll to the left, right, forward (towards you) or backwards (away from you). There is a dot on the bottom of the cube.

a) In your mind, roll the cube: forward, left, left, forward, right, backwards, right. Where’s the dot now?
b) Imagine the same cube with the dot. Roll the cube: forward, right, right, forward, left, backwards, left. Where’s the dot now?

Tim Peake / The Astronaut Selection Test Book9
Test 2
What is the reading on the voltmeter?

a) 2 volts
b) 4 volts
c) 4.5 volts
d) 6 volts

Test 3
3 What is the speed of sound in dry air at 0C?

a) 150m/s
b) 330m/s
c) 240m/s
d) 3,500m/s

Test 4
4 In a circuit the voltage, U, is increased evenly. The resistance of 100 ohms stays constant. What happens to the current, I?

a) Increases with voltage
b) Decreases with voltage
c) Increases at a rate of 75 per cent of the voltage
d) Does not change

Tim Peake / The Astronaut Selection Test Book9
Test 5
A line runs through the middle of a 3D shape such that it is equidistant from all surfaces. What is the shape?

a) a sphere
b) a cylinder (with no ends)
c) a cube
d) an octahedron

Test 6
The reaction time of a driver is one second. How far does she drive on before hitting the brakes, if she drives at a speed of 96km/h and sees a red light?

a) 26.7m
b) 59.9m
c) 29m
d) 128m

Test 7
A keeper at a zoo has food that would last 78 days for seven lions. How long would the food last for 21 lions?

a) 26 days
b) 30 days
c) 28 days
d) 27 days

Test 8
If the shapes or patterns are arranged in a line, you will have to work out the next object in the sequence, choosing from several options. If the shapes are arranged in a grid, you will have to choose which option should fill the missing square.
You’re allowed only 10 seconds for each puzzle.
Tim Peake / The Astronaut Selection Test Book9
Test 9
Tim Peake / The Astronaut Selection Test Book9
Test 10
Tim Peake / The Astronaut Selection Test Book9
Test 11
Tim Peake / The Astronaut Selection Test Book9
Test 12
Tim Peake / The Astronaut Selection Test Book9
Test 13
While following a procedure for a science experiment, you realise that you have performed a couple of steps in the wrong order. You assess it likely that the end result will not be affected by this and that no harm has been done.
Do you:

a) Continue with the procedure, but make a written note to Mission Control about the incorrect order of the steps?
b) Inform Mission Control of your mistake by voice, prior to continuing any further?
c) Continue with the procedure; you assess that it will have no impact?
d) Ask a crewmate for a second opinion?

Test 14
Match the following eight Dutch words for animals with their English equivalents. For a bonus point, name the animals that have been to space, from the following list. Before humans, animals were the first space explorers on early missions.
Dutch:

vlieg
hert
haan
schildpad
kikker
aap
neushoorn
spin

English:

monkey
deer
frog
rhinoceros
turtle
spider
cockerel
fly

Test 15
Some European astronauts now learn Chinese as well as Russian. The way in which Chinese characters are constructed sometimes gives you a visual clue as to what a word means.
Look carefully at the bold elements of the five Chinese words, below.

火箭
宇航员
平面
窗口
椅子

Your task is to match them to these equivalent English words:

window
plane
rocket
astronaut
chair

Test 16
Astronaut training includes intensive Russian lessons, including a month spent living with a Russian family. Without using a dictionary, translate the following Russian space-related words into English.

модуль
космонавт
капсула
процедура
камера
станция
ракета
парашют
орбита
траектория

Who is Tim Peake?Here's what you need to know...

Major Tim Peake is a British Army officer and astronaut
He is the first British astronaut with the European Space Agency
He's also the sixth Brit to go aboard the International Space Agency
Peake was born in Chichester, West Sussex in 1972
In 1990 he attended the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst
In 1992, he joined the Army Air Corps
Then two years later Peake became a qualified helicopter pilot
Peake left the army in 2009 to follow his dream of becoming an astronaut
He beat more than 9,000 applicants for one of six spots on the ESA's astronaut training programme
He had to endure a rigorous selection process that tested his intellect and fitness
Peake was launched to the ISS on December 15, 2015
In April the next year, he ran the 2016 London Marathon from the ISS treadmill
And in June 2016, he finally returned to Earth, landing in Kazakhstan on a Soyuz descent module
During his time in space, Peake completed roughly 3,000 orbits of Earth


And here are the answers...
Test 1: The dot ends up on the bottom both times
Test 2: b
Test 3: b
Test 4: a
Test 5: b
Test 6: a
Test 7: a
Test 8: d
Test 9: c
Test 10: c
Test 11: c
Test 12: b
Test 13: b
Test 14:

vlieg = fly
hert = deer
haan = cockerel
schildpad (“shield toad”) = turtle
kikker = frog
aap = monkey
neushoorn (“nose horn”) = rhinoceros
spin = spider

Creatures that have been to space include flies, monkeys, frogs, turtles and spiders.
Test 15: Rocket- 火箭, Chair-椅子 , Plane- 平面, Astronaut- 宇航员, Window- 窗口
Test 16: Module, cosmonaut, capsule, procedure, camera, station, rocket, parachute, orbit, trajectory
MOST READ IN SCIENCEONE GIANT LEAK Secret Nasa plans for lunar base and 37 rocket launches to the Moon 'leaked' MEGAMIND 'Google' brain implants could end school as anyone can learn anything instantly HUMANS 2.0 Mars colonists 'will be super-mutants' that DIE 'if they mate with Earthlings' TIDAL TERROR Sea level 'doomsday' simulator reveals whether YOUR home would be wiped out FAR OUT Blue Origins reveals habitats in space that could house a TRILLION people ANCIENT TERROR Virtually unheard-of global cataclysm killed MILLIONS in 6th Century 
These puzzles were extracted from Tim's book The Astronaut Selection Test Book: Do You Have What it Takes?, which is available to buy in hardback and e-book form from October 4.
You can also pre-order it here for £20:

The Astronaut Selection Test Book: Do You Have What it Takes? – pre-order now for £20 at Amazon UK

Did you get any of these puzzles right? Let us know in the comments!

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


