A quarter of parents describe their kids as ‘adventurous eaters’ as millions try quinoa, oysters and lobster
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7341729/a-quarter-of-parents-describe-their-kids-as-adventurous-eaters-as-millions-try-quinoa-oysters-and-lobster/
25th September 2018, 12:30 pm
MILLIONS of children have tried quinoa, oysters – and even lobster, according to new research.
A study of 1,500 parents of children aged 2-16 found an adventurous one in five have tasted kangaroo at least once while 23 per cent have tried an oyster.
Rex Features2 Half of parents think going on holiday encourages kids to try different foods
Even though they may not have liked it, other brave youngsters have also sampled crayfish, kale and sushi, with curried goat, octopus and avocado also among the foods children have tried.
It also emerged 53 per cent of parents reckon their children are more likely to try a new food than they were at the same age, with 68 per cent putting this down to youngsters being more likely to travel abroad.
In fact, half of mums and dads reckon holidays see their children tasting delicacies they wouldn’t dream of touching at home.
The study, commissioned by Hilton to mark its Kids Stay and Eat for Free package also found almost one in four parents would describe their children as adventurous eaters, saying their offspring will give pretty much anything put in front of them a go.
Rex Features2 37 per cent of parents describe their child as a foodie
37 per cent even went as far as to say they would describe at least one of their children as a "foodie".
It also emerged more than two thirds of children have tucked into Indian dishes while three quarters enjoy Chinese food.
Three in 10 youngsters have tried Thai cuisine and almost a third have sampled a French meal.
Top 20 unusual or exotic foods children under the age of 16 have tried, with percentage who have tried it at least once

Kangaroo – 21 per cent
Oysters – 23 per cent
Curried goat – 24 per cent
Crayfish – 28 per cent
Octopus – 30 per cent
Jambalaya - 30 per cent
Edamame beans - 31 per cent
Lobster - 32 per cent
Squid - 32 per cent
Mussels - 33 per cent
Quinoa - 34 per cent
Crab - 38 per cent
Sushi - 39 per cent
Kale - 44 per cent
Brie cheese - 46 per cent
Thai curry - 48 per cent
Gherkins – 51 per cent
Asparagus - 53 per cent
Hummus - 54 per cent
Olives - 54 per cent


Vietnamese, Moroccan and Japanese are also among the foreign cuisines children have sampled.
Almost half of parents also admitted to choosing holidays based on the food they are likely to find there to broaden their family’s horizons.
But it appears to work with 63 per cent of parents saying their children tried something they hadn’t eaten before on their last holiday.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
And two thirds of parents deem their children as ‘brave’ when it comes to trying new food abroad.
Patricia Page-Champion, Senior Vice President & Commercial Director at Hilton, said: “With our ‘Kids Stay and Eat for Free’ package, parents can enjoy a hassle-free holiday at hundreds of properties across Europe, Middle East and Africa so that the everyday heroes of the family can have a break too.”
Hilton has partnered with Disney to celebrate The Incredibles 2. Guests will receive a £10 Disney Store voucher when booking Hilton’s ‘Kids Stay and Eat for Free’ package.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




