Our top tips for how you can have a DIY takeaway at home using cheap supermarket alternatives — plus how you can win £15,000
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/money/7322365/home-takeaway-supermarket-alternatives/
23rd September 2018, 12:05 am
WE all love a tasty takeaway, but too much tucking in soon nibbles away at our savings.
On average we eat five takeaways a month, forking out around £7.60 each per meal, according to our recent survey. That’s £456 a year!
Getty - Contributor13 We all love a tasty takeaway, but ordering in costs us £456 a year
McDonald’s set to dish out 24-carat McGold card that gives one lucky customer free meals for life
Maybe you will be one of the 1,000 lucky readers grabbing Just Eat vouchers in our fabulous £15,000 takeaway giveaway this weekend.
If not, rustling up a “fakeaway” with supermarket ingredients can cut the cost without depriving your tastebuds.
Our tips will save you a bucket ...

Peri-peri cheap. As Nando’s fans, our fave double chicken Peri-Peri pitta with two regular sides is £13.25, which means a spend of £53 for a family of four. But you can feed the family the same meal at home using actual Nando’s sauce for under £7. Head to Tesco’s for a whole chicken, £2.56 and cook it with Nando’s Peri-Peri marinade, £2. Add fresh lettuce, 49p, and pitta bread pack-of-six, 55p, and chips for 99p. SAVING: £46
Bargain bucket. A six-piece KFC Family Feast bucket costs £12.99 for chicken, four portions of chips, a tub of beans and a 1.25 litre bottle of Pepsi. To do it for less, try Sainbury’s SFC Chicken Boneless Bucket for £3, add their skinny fries (£1.15), a tin of own-label beans (30p) and a 1.5litre bottle of Pepsi Max (£1). That’s a total of £5.45. SAVING: £7.54
Make a McSaving. It might seem cheap but a £4.29 Big Mac meal turns into £17.16 at the till when you are feeding four. At Asda you can get own-label skinny fries (£1), eight frozen burgers (£2), burger sauce (84p) and own-label Diet Cola (49p). Grab a six-pack of seeded burger buns (75p), slice each one in half and use the two spare buns to create the “extra” layer between the four burgers, Big Mac-style. Add a pack of cheese slices (79p) and pickled gherkins (79p), use ketchup from the cupboard, and it all works out at £6.66. SAVING: £10.50
Slice the cost. A medium Meatfielder pizza from Domino’s is £17.99. The best supermarket alternative we’ve found is at Morrisons pizza counter, where you can choose your toppings and they’ll make it up, ready to be cooked at home. A 12in stuffed crust is £3.19. Aldi also has a delicious range of pizzas for £1.69 each. SAVING: £14.80

Designer double
13 This eyeshadow palette from W7 is just £9.95
13 The Anastasia Beverly Hills Soft Glam Palette is much dearer at £43
CREATE a new look with W7 Cosmetics new eyeshadow palette Romanced for £9.95, a shade cheaper than the Anastasia Beverly Hills Soft Glam Palette for £43.
SAVE: £33.05
Deal of the day
13 Get two for one on mains at Pizza Express on Sunday
GET two for one on mains at Pizza Express today when you dine in. You can tuck into their old favourite, the Carbonara special! Offer ends at midnight.
SAVE: Up to £15
Shop and Save
13 Itsu’s dumpling dessert are now 2 for £6 on Ocado
TUCK into Itsu’s dreamy dumpling desserts, now 2 for £6 on Ocado. Usually £3.50.
SAVE: £1
Cheap Treat
13 Linwoods Milled Organic Flaxseed is currently on offer at Tesco for £4.35
ENJOY a new start to the day with Linwoods Milled Organic Flaxseed, currently on offer at Tesco for £4.35, usually £5.80. Offer ends on Tuesday.
SAVE: £1.45 
My Sun Savers fiver
JOANNA LANCASTER, from Matlock, Derbys, says: “I live 200 miles away from my daughter so I put my fivers towards train tickets.”

Send us your Savers fiver stories to sunsavers.co.uk/fivers and you’ll get 28 codes worth £5 if your tip is used. Please include your name and town.

Save a fiver
13 This Hewlett Packard DeskJet 2630 Wireless All-in-One Printer is just £29.99 at Asda
GET printing with this Hewlett Packard DeskJet 2630 Wireless All-in-One Printer from Asda. Was £34.99, now £29.99.
SAVE: £5
Reader's saving tip
JILL MAHIQUES, from Wolverhampton, says: “Freeze leftover dry cake and save it to use in trifles as the sponge part.”

Send your suggestions to sunsavers.co.uk/tips and get 28 codes, worth £5, if your tip is used. Please include your name and town.

£15,000 of Just Eat takeaways to win
WE’VE teamed up with the UK’s biggest online food delivery service, Just Eat, to give away £15,000 worth of takeaways today!
Your weekend will be sorted with 500 prizes of a £30 voucher.
Getty - Contributor13 We've teamed up with Just Eat for a mouthwatering giveaway
You can push aside those pots and pans and treat yourself to a delicious takeaway meal, courtesy of Just Eat.
All you need to do is collect the Sun Savers code, printed inside this paper.
Go to “Offers” and click “Enter” on Saturday’s Just Eat draw before midnight for your entry to be valid.
Then head to the Sun Savers app or website and enter your code. Lastly, go to “Offers” and click “Enter” on Sunday’s Just Eat draw before midnight for your entry to be valid.
Just Eat’s huge catalogue of 29,000 restaurants means they have the food to suit any mood, from your favourite chinese to perfect pizzerias.
Enter your Sun Savers code today and see whether you’re one of our 500 lucky winners.
Not already a Sun Savers member? Search “Sun Savers” in the App Store or register at sunsavers.co.uk.
All you need to enter is your name, date of birth and email address to get started.
Remember to always check for app updates so that you don’t miss out on the latest offers.

Terms & Conditions: There will be two daily prize draws with 500 winners per day of a £30 Just Eat voucher on Saturday, September 22 and Sunday, September 23, 2018. Each draw will open from 00:01am and close at 23:59pm on each day of the promotion. Sun Savers membership required to enter.One valid unique Sun Savers code plus clicking “Enter” on the draw in Sun Savers within the time period equals entry to the prize draw of that day.Over-18, residents of the UK only, excluding ROI. One entry per day per person. Winners will be selected at random from all valid entries.Allow 14 days from entry closing for the draw to take place and winners to be notified. Please allow 14 days for receipt of prizes.Your information will only be used for the purposes of this competition. Promoter is News Group Newspapers Ltd. Not open to staff of the promoter and promotional partner or their families.The winners will be required to participate in reasonable publicity relating to this competition. The Editor’s decision is final. For a list of winners send a stamped addressed envelope to News UK, Competitions Department, 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF stating which competition you would like the winners’ details

Win £15,000 off your mortgage
WE’VE teamed up with free online mortgage broker Habito to offer one lucky reader £15,000 towards their mortgage.
To be in with a chance of winning our great cash giveaway, collect TEN of the Sun Savers codes printed daily until September 25.
13 Win £15,000 off your mortgage with this fantastic Sun Savers giveaway
Then go to the Sun Savers app or sunsavers.co.uk and enter your TEN Sun Savers codes. Lastly, go to the “Win A Year’s Mortgage with Habito” page in “Offers” and click “Enter” by midnight on Monday, October 8.
A recent study by Habito found 58 per cent of British homeowners could save on average £294 a month (that’s £3,528 per year) by switching to a better mortgage. To find out more, visit Habito.com.
Not a Sun Savers member? Go to sunsavers.co.uk or download the Sun Savers app to get involved.

Terms and conditions: 18+ UK residents only (excludes IoM, Channel Islands). Code collect Sep 8 to 25, 2018. Entry closes Oct 8, 2018. Winner selected at random. T&Cs apply. For full T&Cs see sunsavers.co.uk.

Win £27k for your wedding
YOUR dream wedding can come true – thanks to Sun Savers.
All you need to do is get involved with our latest, brilliant Sun Savers competition to Win Your Wedding.
Getty - Contributor13 At Sun Savers we're giving one lucky reader £27,000 to pay for their big day!
As the average wedding now costs around £27,000, tying the knot can put a serious strain on your savings. So here at Sun Savers we have decided to give one lucky reader £27,000 to pay for their big day!
With our prize, one happy couple will get the chance to have the wedding of their dreams — from the venue and reception to the bridal gown, flowers, hair and beauty.
This competition is open to everyone, so if you have a loved one walking down the aisle soon, you can enter for them.
To be in with a chance of winning, you need TEN of the 18 Sun Savers codes, printed daily in The Sun from today to Tuesday, October 2.
After entering your codes via the Sun Savers app or website, head to the “Offers” section and click “Enter” on the “Win Your Wedding” section before midnight on Monday, October 15. Then you are in.
Not yet a Sun Savers member? Search for “Sun Savers” in the app store or register at sunsavers.co.uk. Just enter your name, date of birth and email address to get started.
Remember to check for app updates so you don’t miss out on the latest offers. As a Sun Savers member you will get access to massive competitions, bonuses on Sun Superdays — and even FREE CASH.
That’s right. For every 28 Sun Savers codes you enter, we will put £5 in your Sun Savers wallet to spend however you like.
That could add up to £65 in a year — simply for reading your favourite paper.
So don’t hang about. Sign up today and get collecting your Sun Savers codes.

Terms and conditions: Collect TEN Sun Savers codes from the 18 printed in The Sun between Saturday, September 15, and Tuesday, October 2, 2018. Last chance to join in is Sunday, September 23. Competition closes at 23:59pm on Monday, October 15. Over-18, UK residents only. One entry per person. Winner will be selected at random from all valid entries. There will be ONE winner of 1 x £27,000 cash. Allow seven days from entry closing for the draw to take place. Winner will then be notified within 14 days.
Please allow 28 days for receipt of prize. Prize is non-transferable. Your information will be used only for the purposes of this competition. Promoter is News Group Newspapers Ltd. Not open to staff of the Promoter and promotional partner or their families. The winner will be asked to participate in reasonable publicity relating to this competition. The Editor’s decision is final.
For winner details, send a stamped addressed envelope to News UK, Competitions Department, 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF, stating which competition you require details for.

Play now to win £15,000 on the Sun Savers Raffle
JOIN thousands of readers taking part in the new Sun Savers Raffle.
Every Sun Savers code you enter will earn you a ticket for our £15k monthly Raffle. And for every ten tickets you collect in a calendar month, you get a GOLDEN TICKET for our £80k Raffle, which takes place every three months, with the first one at the end of June.
13 Join thousands of readers taking part in the new Sun Savers Raffle
There is no limit to how many tickets you can collect. So the more you enter, the better your chances.
To take part go to sunsavers.co.uk or open the Sun Savers app. Then opt in to each month’s Raffle by clicking “Yes!” when prompted and start collecting the Sun Savers codes printed daily in the paper.
Today’s code is on Page 20. Every time you scan or enter a code into Sun Savers, you get a Raffle ticket in the £15k Raffle.
Not yet a Sun Savers member? Just go to sunsavers.co.uk or find “Sun Savers” in the app store to get started.

T&Cs apply. Full T&Cs at sunsavers.co.uk/faqs.

Fancy a free fiver?
YOU can get FREE cash with super Sun Savers just for buying your favourite paper.
Our brilliant new rewards club will pay back our most loyal readers.
13
Just pick up the paper each day to collect your Sun Savers codes and we will GIVE YOU £5 when you have ­collected 28.
This isn’t a one-off and there is no limit to how much cash you can save.
For every 28 codes you enter, we will give you a fiver. So over the course of a year, that could add up to £65.
We are keeping it super-simple. You don’t have to enter codes from consecutive days, so don’t worry if you forget a day or two.
13
Download our easy Sun Savers app and quickly scan your code using your smartphone. Or go online and enter your code at sunsavers.co.uk.
most read in money'HE WON'T STRUGGLE' Jamie Oliver's staff lash out as 1k jobs cut in restaurant collapse POUNDED Fraudsters are nicking £674 PER MINUTE in 'out-of-control' bank transfer cons SUMMER TIME Aldi is selling an electric patio heater with a speaker FRAUD WARNING Mum lost £780 a month benefits after loan firm assigned her Universal Credit BONUS TIME Sainsbury's is offering 10p a litre off fuel and 150 extra Nectar card points PUMP WARS Supermarkets pushing up price of petrol on a DAILY basis, RAC claims 
To get you on your way, join today and we will put a bonus £1 in your Sun Savers wallet tomorrow. And the good news doesn’t stop with free cash.
With Sun Savers, we give you the best hacks, deals and tips to save money every single day.
TO JOIN: Don’t worry, folks — joining takes just 30 seconds, in three steps.

