It’s insane politicians keep treating taxpayers as a cash machine that never runs out
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7323136/tony-parsons-nhs-budget-theresa-may/
22nd September 2018, 10:00 pm
HOW it chills the blood to hear an allegedly Conservative Prime Minister talk so casually about hiking taxes.
“There will be a need to raise some money from people,” Theresa May says of a plan to give the NHS an extra £20billion a year by 2023. “The key thing is that people want to know any money that goes in is going to be spent effectively.”
AP:Associated Press12 If only the PM had told us that her generous gift to the NHS was from all of us
No, Theresa — the key thing is that your Tory Government is always so bloody generous with somebody else’s money.
A report by the TaxPayers’ Alliance confirms that the tax burden in this country is now at its highest for nearly 50 years.
The last time Brits were squeezed like this, Labour’s Harold Wilson was puffing his pipe on the steps of 10 Downing Street.
May’s plans to give the NHS a lovely 70th birthday present strike me as no different from Labour and their magic money tree.
Getty Images - Getty12 Chancellor Philip Hammond seems to have forgotten that the Tories are supposed to be the party of low taxation
Why stop at £20billion a year, Theresa? Why not £50billion? Or £100billion?
The Tories and Labour are both keen to show how compassionate they are, by giving away somebody else’s money.
And it is grotesque virtue signalling that does not give even a passing thought to the reality of the daily struggles of working families.
Doesn’t Theresa May get it? Doesn’t her old penny-pinching glumbucket of a Chancellor, Philip Hammond?
Rex Features12 Not since the days of Harold Wilson has the tax burden on the British public been as great as it is today
Is this Tory Government really so clueless about the values it is meant to represent? The Tories are supposed to be the party for hard-working grafters, the party of working-class aspiration and the party of LOW taxation.
Here is the theory, Theresa — the more of your money the Government lets people keep, the harder they work and the more tax revenue increases.
That’s when the Government gets to spend the money as it sees fit — including pouring more money into the bottomless pit of the NHS.
But the more a Government taxes the people, the more it removes the incentive to graft.
Theresa May says 'tax payers will have to contribute a bit more' to the NHS after £20bn boost announcement 
What is the single greatest incentive to get people to work hard, earn more money, pay more taxes and enrich the Treasury?
It is HOME OWNERSHIP.
People yearn to own their own home. As Margaret Thatcher understood, nothing gives you a stake in society like owning your own home.
Maggie knew — in her lower-middle-class blood, in her shopkeeper’s daughter bones — that nothing compels you to work long hours like having a mortgage on a home you can call your own.
PA:Press Association12 What a difference a few weeks makes - as it transpired that the NHS budget bonanza would be paid for by the taxpayer
It is called working-class aspiration, and May and Hammond would not recognise it if Larry the 10 Downing Street cat dropped it on the welcome mat.
Thatcher opened the floodgates to home ownership like no Prime Minister before or since. But long before Maggie, anyone in this country could own their own home if they were willing to put in the hours. And I do mean anyone.
My dad was a greengrocer and my family so poor that for the first five years of my life we lived above the shop where my dad worked. But my old man had part-time jobs driving a lorry and working in a market and eventually he scraped together enough money for a deposit on the little house on the Billericay prairie, where I grew up and where my parents lived until they died.
My father would not be able to own his own home today, not even if he worked himself into an early grave. After eight years of clueless Tory government, home ownership is now an impossible dream.
Alamy12 Young adults in the UK today can only dream of becoming homeowners
For young couples starting a family, the property ladder will be forever beyond their reach, no matter how hard they graft. So tell me, Theresa — why the hell should that young couple ever vote Tory?
For all their endless blather about the housing crisis, May and her horribly out-of-touch Tories show no sign that they are truly aware the decline in home ownership is a national tragedy.
If May wants more money to throw at the NHS, why doesn’t she get it from our grotesquely bloated foreign aid budget?
This week it was revealed that UK foreign aid is currently funding 100 projects in China, the booming country that is on course to become the economic powerhouse of the 21st Century.
Philip Hammond's annual address at the Mansion House assesses the UK economy, mentions tax payers contributing more to the NHS and sticking to fiscal rules and reducing debt
Some of these Chinese projects are in Africa, so that means the poor old British taxpayer is being obliged to fund Chinese projects in Africa. In what universe is that not insane?
Surely a truly Tory Prime Minister should be diverting the £14 billion wasted in foreign aid to our collapsing NHS?
Throwing the taxpayer’s money at loony development schemes is not generosity or compassion. It is not the sign of a humanitarian superpower.
It is the policy of a country that is stark-raving mad, a country that treats its hard-working taxpayers like a cashpoint machine that never runs dry.
Getty - Contributor12 Why hit the British taxpayer for more tax and let the likes of Starbucks get away with murder?
It is the behaviour of the bankrupt man who insists on buying a drink for everyone in the pub.
And while this Tory Government squeezes British taxpayers like we haven’t been squeezed for half a century, a mammoth corporation like Starbucks gets away with murder, paying just £4.5million of tax on profits of £162million — an effective tax rate of around 2.8 per cent. A nice tax rate if you can get it.
Theresa May once worried people thought the Tories were the nasty party. Don’t fret, Theresa — these
days we don’t even think you are Tories.

LABOUR announces plans to hit UK betting firms with £140million a year in tax. This is provisional on Jeremy Corbyn winning a General Election. And the smart money says that will never happen.

Never mind the bulkiness
Splash News12 Feeling rotten...former Sex Pistol John Lyden looks a bit glum (and a bit Tweedle Dum)
WAS that really John Lydon, aka Johnny Rotten of the Sex Pistols, taking up three seats at the baggage carousel at LAX?
At first glance I took John to be the Michelin Man in his jim-jams.
Punk’s not dead. It just can’t touch its toes any more.
I’m hating Brussels spouts
EU LEADERS want the UK to have a second referendum and to keep on having referendums until we come up with the result they want.
How about the best out of five, mein herr?
EPA12 EU Brexit negotiator (or bully) Michel Barnier in full stick-it-to-the-UK flow
You can’t help noticing that within living memory most of these EU countries have been invaded, occupied, and had the experience of someone’s jackboot pressed against their throat.
Germany, France, Spain, Italy, Greece, Holland, Belgium, all of Eastern Europe – they have all had to bend the knee and tug their forelock to deeply unpleasant fascist or communist regimes.
They do not understand the British, who have not experienced the humiliation of invasion and occupation for one thousand years.
The British have a reverence for democracy.
Conservative MP Theresa Villiers says that having a second referendum on Brexit would be undemocratic
It is simply not shared by the bullies in Brussels.
They don’t understand that the votes of 17.4million people MUST be honoured.
Because when it comes to democracy, the EU has still got its L-plates on.
Strictly speaking, the pros make the show
STRICTLY Come Dancing’s professionals are banding together to fight the BBC for a pay rise. They have a case.
PA:Press Association12 Unmissable Strictly action with Katya Jones and Ed Balls
The judges are on between £150,000 and £250,000 while the unhappy hoofers get £50,000 after putting in ten-hour days.
The cruel truth about Strictly is that nobody is bigger than the show.
If Sir Bruce Forsyth and Len Goodman can leave and have no impact, Strictly can survive and thrive without anyone.
But Katya Jones, to give a classic example, turned a boring no-hoper like Ed Balls into compelling prime-time entertainment.
Ashley Roberts dances the Viennese waltz to Perfect by Ed Sheeran on Strictly Come Dancing
The pro dancers dust the show with magic.
Who else is going to pay the Strictly judges £250,000 a year to sit and sneer?
The yoke’s on you
SUPERMARKET Iceland is flogging the ultimate convenience food – ready-made scrambled eggs in a bag, salt and pepper already added.
12 Iceland is selling scrambled eggs for time poor (or just can't be bothered) customers
But if you are too thick and lazy to scramble your own eggs, how will you ever get that packet open?
Courtney blimey!
BRITISH schoolgirl Courtney Hadwin, 14, was widely tipped to win America’s Got Talent after her soulful singing drew comparisons with Aretha Franklin and Tina Turner.
The Mega Agency12 Brit teen Courtney wowed Americas Got Talent audiences, but ended the contest in sixth place
America's Got Talent  finalist Courtney Hadwin gives a rocking performance of 'River Deep Mountain High'
Disappointingly, Courtney returns to her home in County Durham after only coming sixth in Thursday’s final. I wouldn’t worry too much about it, Courtney.
One Direction only came third on The X Factor in 2010 and they went on to do all right.
MOST READ IN OPINIONCommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone CommentDAMIAN GREEN How Tory leadership race can lead to every Brit having a shot at the good life CommentJANE MOORE Time for something completely different…let's put the boot in at EU elections CommentTHE SUN SAYS Hipster who threw MILKSHAKE achieved nothing but to recruit more Farage fans CommentNICK TIMOTHY Tinderbox Tories will get burned at the ballots - they need a new plan CommentALLY ROSS Graham Norton shouldn't have spared Madge's blushes as he lashed Eurovision acts 
Play fair, Cerys
Getty - Contributor12 Cerys Matthews - fair play, says Tony Parsons
BBC presenter Cerys Matthews, 49, says she avoids playing the music of musicians who went to public school.
This ignores the first law of great music, as defined most eloquently by Ian Brown of The Stone Roses: “It’s not where you’re from, it’s where you’re at.”

