Angelina Jolie’s plan to move kids to UK during filming upsets ex Brad Pitt
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/8949197/angelina-jolie-uk-marvel-brad-pitt/
26th April 2019, 9:00 pm
7
ANGELINA JOLIE is causing further tension in her acrimonious, drawn-out divorce from Brad Pitt.
Earlier this month, I revealed the actress wants to win back the affections of her ex, but he has spurned her advances for the good of their family.
Rex Features7 Angelina Jolie is heading to London for filming
Now I’ve learned there is discontent over Ange’s new movie role for Marvel, which will be filmed in London.
Friends of the pair, previously known as Brangelina, have revealed to me that Ange wants to take the couple’s children with her to the UK for the duration of filming.
Brad has been left upset because it is going to make it more difficult to see them, given he remains permanently based in Los Angeles.
As well as having Shiloh, 12, and twins Knox and Vivienne, ten, together, Brad took on Angelina’s three adopted children Maddox, 17, Pax, 15, and Zahara, 14.
AP:Associated Press7 Brad and Angelina Jolie split in 2017 after 12 years together
I’m told he is not going to take dramatic measures to try to stop the temporary move.
This is largely because he’s determined to have as little contact with his former wife as possible but wants relations to be harmonious for the sake of the children.
The friends stress Brad is the dream dad and his kids take priority over everything, so he will do whatever he can to see them regularly even if they do end up spending time in London with their mother.
Angelina was revealed to be limbering up for her first foray into Marvel Spandex in March.
She is due to play an as-yet unconfirmed role in The Eternals, which will be her superhero movie debut.
The film follows a group of near-immortal beings who are battling evil offshoots called the Deviants, created by cosmic beings called Celestials.
Getty Images - Getty7 Angelina Jolie with her six children, Shiloh, 12, and twins Knox and Vivienne, 10, plus Angelina’s three adopted kids Maddox, 17, Pax, 15, and Zahara, 14
It is set to be Marvel’s most diverse movie ever.
Just last month, bosses were hunting for an openly gay actor to play their first LGBT superhero.
Chinese indie director Chloe Zhao, hired last year, will also become Marvel’s first woman of colour at the helm.
The Eternals is scheduled to begin filming in September and is tipped for release in 2020.
Angelina is currently working with Disney, who own Marvel, on two high-profile movie projects.
Angelina Jolie wants to win back estranged husband Brad Pitt
She will reprise her role as Sleeping Beauty’s horned villainess in Maleficent: Mistress Of Evil, which is released in the UK in October.
She is also producing The One And Only Ivan, a part-animated, part-live action film, based on a children’s book about a gorilla who lives in a shopping centre.
Earlier this month, Brad and Angelina restored their legally single statuses after a messy two years of divorce proceedings.
But their legal battle is not yet over.
Getty Images - Getty7 Angelina and Brad were once Hollywood's hottest couple
MOST READ IN CELEBRITYBOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms Van Goth Inside Vanessa Feltz' Gothic style home with pink kitchen and hunky toyboy 'LIKE A PORN SET' Jess Impiazzi says she begged TV chiefs not to air her having drunk sex ExclusiveWON'T PONY UP Katie Price ‘owes vet £3k and is refusing to pay’ as she battles money woes 
The terms of their divorce have still not been negotiated, including any financial settlement or formal custody arrangements for the children.
It really is time for Ange to move on.
Mike's bittersweet launch
Getty - Contributor7 Tragic Mike Thalassitis committed suicide
ONE of those happy/sad moments in life as the late Mike Thalassitis' Essex restaurant The Skillet opens its doors today.
The launch had been my pal’s passion project before his tragic death, which all those close to him are still trying to comprehend.
His friend Lizzie Cundy said when they were together “all he could talk about was his new restaurant”.
She added: “He sounded so excited about it and I was excited to help him.
“That’s why his death came as such a shock.
“He deserved a new start away from Love Island. His eyes lit up when he talked about the restaurant with me.
“I said he would be the new Jamie Oliver. He laughed.
“This is what makes me so sad, because he said it was new beginnings.”
The Mega Agency7 Mikes restaurant The Skillet is set to belatedly open
We’ll never get over the unfathomable loss of Mike, but I hope his breakfast bar in Loughton is a huge success.
In tribute to Mike, all drinks proceeds this weekend will go to CALM, the Campaign Against Living Miserably.
Montana Brown announces that Mike Thalassitis’ restaurant The Skillet will open on April 27th


GOT a story? RING The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk



