Woman, 25, who gorged on Chinese takeaway for FIVE lunches a week sheds 6st in jaw-dropping transformation
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/7283876/woman-gorged-chinese-takeaway-sheds-6st-jawdropping-transformation/
18th September 2018, 9:14 am
A WOMAN who used to gorge on Chinese takeaways for lunch up to FIVE times a week has shed six stone in a jaw-dropping transformation.
Kate Perry, from Hull, has dropped five dress sizes and gone from 18st to just 12st since first hitting the gym five years ago - having never been interested in exercise before.
@kmp.fitness/Instagram6 Kate Perry, 25, has ditched 6st after ditching Chinese takeaways - which she ate up to five times a week while at school
@kmp.fitness/Instagram6 The Hull lass now trains up to five days-a-week
The 25-year-old told Hull Daily Mail: "I was lazy, and I wasn’t interested in exercise, I hated PE at school and I spent most of my nights after school sat on the computer.
"My school was close to a Chinese takeaway, so we would go there most days for lunch, which wasn’t ideal.
"At first I wasn’t bothered about my weight but all my friends at school had boyfriends and I never had one, no boys were ever interested in me."
Kate, who used to spend her evenings playing The Sims and chatting to her mates on MSN, became more self-conscious about her size after leaving school.
@kmp.fitness/Instagram6 As a teen, Kate would spends her evenings on the computer - playing The Sims and chatting on MSN
Kate's day on a plate now

BREAKFAST: Porridge
LUNCH: Tuna, rice and vegetables
DINNER: Quorn with potatoes and vegetables


@kmp.fitness/Instagram6 She joined the gym five years ago and got a personal trainer - and has completely overhauled her body
She eventually worked up the motivation to hit the gym, joining Xercise4less - and getting a personal trainer for the first six months.
"Honestly, I think it was me who motivated myself, I had it in my head that I wanted to lose weight and feel good about myself and once you see results from all the hard work it makes you even more motivated to achieve more," Kate said.
She now trains four to five days-a-week, and has ditched the takeaways and late-night chocolate binges for good.
Kate, who stopped weighing herself when she reached 12st, said: "It’s just a number and in the past I’ve got to a point where I became obsessed with weighing myself and it made me unhappy."
@kmp.fitness/Instagram6 Kate stopped weighing herself when she reached 12st - saying it's 'just a number'
@kmp.fitness/Instagram6 Kate now wants to become a personal trainer herself, to help others achieve their goals
Now Kate wants to become a personal trainer herself.
She said: "Fitness is something I am passionate about and I’d love to help others who don’t think they can lose weight and feel good because you can achieve anything. You just have to have the right mindset."
MOST READ IN REAL LIFEExclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands crime and nunishment I became a drug dealing nun after my bigamist husband stole my cash MATRI-MOANY Fury at bridezilla who wants to BAN fiancé's 'crotch goblin' child from wedding WATER FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH Mum says drinking only water for 3 WEEKS is the key to young looks WEIGHTY ISSUE 22st teen who snacks on whole loaves of bread claims her parents made her fat BURIED ALIVE I've hoarded so much stuff I couldn’t get to the toilet or clean my cat's poo 
You can follow Kate's fitness journey on her Instagram page @kmp.fitness.
In more weight loss success stories, this mum shed a staggering 10st in just one year – after ditching junk food, cake and chocolate.
And this obese bride-to-be sheds 8st to fit into her dream wedding dress – thanks to the keto diet.

