Win £27,000 for your wedding and celebrate your big day on us with tips to tie the knot on a budget
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/money/7263149/win-27000-for-your-wedding-and-celebrate-your-big-day-on-us-with-tips-to-tie-the-knot-on-a-budget/
14th September 2018, 9:52 pm
KATY Light has always been good at budgeting – and that came in handy when planning her wedding day.
The 32-year-old mum of two from Greenwich, South London, takes advantage of supermarket loyalty points to treat girls Elli, ten, and Lilli, four. She is also a big fan of Sun Savers Superdays.
15 Win £27,000 for your wedding and celebrate your big day on us with tips to tie the knot on a budget
Shop supervisor Katy, who is married to Steven, 35, an electrician, says: “I like going on the free days out at Chessington and Legoland.”
As part of our Meet Sun Savers series, we find out how Katy kept her wedding day to under £10,000 — without skimping on style.

Secondhand shopping. Katy found items she liked and scoured eBay for cheap versions or learned to make them.
She says: “For my shoes, I embellished my trainers with the words ‘Mrs Light’ by using a sheet of sticky diamantes (£1.99 for 775, eBay). It was much cheaper than a £120 pair from notonthehigh street.com.”
Snap appy. Often, official photography can start at around £700 for the day. But Katy had another way to get the perfect pictures.
She says: “We used an app called WedPics. They give you cards printed with your name and a password on. We then laid these out everywhere for people to pick up.
“People could upload their photos of our wedding on the app and we get all the pictures for free.”
Cut daytime guests. At £120-a-head for the day guests and £25 for evening guests, Kate reshuffled her guest list, ending up with 60 for the day and a further 50 later.
She says: “We restricted day invites to family only and had more to spend on our evening party, which meant a better bash for the same number of people and saved about £2,000.
Bulk buy. Katy found a way to avoid the discomfort of the bridal party standing in heels for the entire day.
She says: “I bought flip-flops to wear in the evening and everyone loved it.
“But even though Primark was cheap at £2 a pair, I found ten for £18 at a wholesaler — £1.80 a pair.”

Designer double
15 You can add a stylish touch with this vintage pendant light from Next for £79
15 B&M’s Oslo metallic pendant light is more than a shade cheaper at £9.99
INSTEAD of adding a stylish touch with this vintage pendant light from Next try B&M’s Oslo metallic pendant light which is more than a shade cheaper.
SAVE: £69.01
Reader's saving tip
CAROL MACKIE, from Falkirk, says: “Don’t buy expensive water- retaining pellets for your patio tubs and hanging baskets. Use cheap disposable nappies instead as they work a treat at very little cost”

Share tips a sunsavers.co.uk/tips and you will get 28 codes worth £5 if yours is used. Please include your name and town.

Deal of the day
15 Save on School of Wok kits from Tesco and make your own exotic dishes
MAKE your own exotic dishes such as Japanese bao bread dumplings with School of Wok kits from Tesco. Was £3.49, now £2.49.
SAVE: £1
Save a fiver
15 Save a fiver on this fluoride-free activated charcoal Teeth Whitening bundle from Procoal
PAY £14.99 for a face mask and teeth whitening bundle from procoal.co.uk, worth £19.99, when you use code SunProcoal at the checkout.
SAVE: £5
My Sun Savers fiver
JANE ROWE, from Stockport, Cheshire, says: “I saved £30 in my account and used it to buy a ticket to the theatre.”

Tell us your Savers fiver stories at sunsavers.co.uk/fivers and you will get 28 codes worth £5 if yours is used. Please include your name and town.

Cheap treat
15 Superdrug has slashed the price of this panda-printed sheet mask by TWO THIRDS
HELP transform your skin with this panda printed sheet face mask from Superdrug. Was £3. Now £1.
SAVE: £2
Shop & save
15 Get a litre bottle of shampoo or conditioner by the OGX hydrate + revive argan oil of Morocco from Asda for a fiver each
CARE for your hair with OGX hydrate + revive argan oil of Morocco from Asda. You can get a litre bottle of shampoo or conditioner, usually £7 each, for £5 each.
SAVE: £2
Win £27k for your big day
DREAMING of a perfect wedding but can’t quite afford it?
Then get involved with our latest Sun Savers competition to Win Your Wedding.
15 Win £27,000 for your wedding and celebrate your big day on us
As the average wedding now costs around £27,000, tying the knot can put a serious strain on your savings.
So here at Sun Savers we have decided to give one lucky reader £27,000 to pay for their big day!
With our prize, one happy couple will get the chance to have the wedding of their dreams — from the venue and reception to the bridal gown, flowers, hair and beauty.
This competition is open to everyone, so if you have a loved one walking down the aisle soon, you can enter for them.
Getty - Contributor15 Here's how to pay for your big day with a little help from Sun Savers
To be in with a chance of winning, you need TEN of the 18 Sun Savers codes, printed daily in The Sun from today to Tuesday, October 2.
Today’s Sun Savers code is on Page 20.
After entering your codes via the Sun Savers app or website, head to the “Offers” section and click “Enter” on the “Win Your Wedding” section before midnight on Monday, October 15. Then you are in.
Not yet a Sun Savers member? Search for “Sun Savers” in the app store or register at sunsavers.co.uk. Just enter your name, date of birth and email address to get started.
Remember to check for app updates so you don’t miss out on the latest offers.
As a Sun Savers member you will get access to massive competitions, bonuses on Sun Superdays and even FREE CASH.
That’s right. For every 28 Sun Savers codes you enter, we will put £5 in your Sun Savers wallet to spend however you like.
That could add up to £65 in a year — simply for reading your favourite paper.
So don’t hang about. Sign up today and get collecting your Sun Savers codes.
Terms and conditionsCOLLECT TEN Sun Savers codes from the 18 printed in The Sun between Saturday, September 15, and Tuesday, October 2, 2018. Last chance to join in is Sunday, September 23. Competition closes at 23:59pm on Monday, October 15. Over-18, UK residents only.
One entry per person. Winner will be selected at random from all valid entries. There will be ONE winner of 1 x £27,000 cash. Allow seven days from entry closing for the draw to take place. Winner will then be notified within 14 days.
Please allow 28 days for receipt of prize. Prize is non-transferable. Your information will be used only for the purposes of this competition. Promoter is News Group Newspapers Ltd. Not open to staff of the Promoter and promotional partner or their families. The winner will be asked to participate in reasonable publicity relating to this competition. The Editor’s decision is final.
For winner details, send a stamped addressed envelope to News UK, Competitions Department, 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF, stating which competition you require details for.

Win £15,000 to pay your mortgage
THERE is still time to join in with our amazing Sun Savers competition in which you could live mortgage-free for an entire year.
We have teamed up with free online mortgage broker Habito to offer one lucky reader £15,000 towards their mortgage.
Getty - Contributor15 Grab your chance to win £15,000 from Sun Savers to pay your mortgage
To be in with a chance of winning, collect TEN of the 18 Sun Savers codes printed daily in the paper until Tuesday, September 25. Today’s code is on Page 20.
Then head to the Sun Savers app or sunsavers.co.uk and enter your TEN Sun Savers codes.
Finally, go to “Win A Year’s Mortgage With Habito” in the “Offers” section and click “Enter” by midnight on Monday, October 8.
Switching your mortgage could save you thousands, according to Habito, the free online mortgage broker. If you have not changed your mortgage in a couple of years, you might be among the millions of homeowners sitting on their lender’s standard variable rate.
That is the interest banks switch to once the low initial rate runs out.
Habito research has found Brits overspend unnecessarily on our mortgages to the tune of £15.5billion a year.
The average household with a mortgage could save up to £3,500 annually by switching to a better deal. If you think this might apply to you, visit habito.com to get free expert advice.
Using cutting-edge technology, Habito will scour the whole market – comprising 20,000 mortgages from more than 90 lenders – in search of the best possible option.
Then it is over to one of Habito’s award-winning mortgage experts to advise and guide you through the application from beginning to end.

TERMS and conditions: 18+ UK residents only (excludes Isle of Man & Channel Islands). Code collect 8/9/18 to 25/9/18. Entry closes 8/10/18. Winner selected at random. T&Cs apply. For full T&Cs, see sunsavers.co.uk.

‘£45k caravan is best gift ever’
SUN Saver Samantha Blackwell got the best birthday present ever with our Win A Caravan competition.
As a child, the 30-year-old council worker from Sheffield enjoyed many happy caravan holidays with nan Joan, 76, and grandad Pat, 79. So Samantha, pictured, was thrilled to bag the incredible prize worth more than £45,000.
Glen Minikin - The Sun15 Sun Saver Samantha Blackwell, 30, bagged a caravan worth more than £45,000
She says: “Turning 30 was a big milestone, so I was thrilled when my partner Chris whisked me away on a caravan holiday. A caravan might seem a strange place to celebrate your 30th but thanks to Nan and Grandad, I love them. When the competition popped up, I couldn’t resist entering. Anything to get me back in a caravan!”
Chris, 32, also has fond memories of childhood caravan adventures.
Now the pair have a luxury Canterbury caravan from Willerby, at Primrose Valley in Filey, North Yorks. The top-end two-bed van includes a shower room, integrated kitchen and flatscreen TV.
Samantha stayed at Primrose Valley as a youngster and says: “It was one of my family’s favourites. There was so much for children to do and my dad Pete has fond memories of chasing me around.
“I can’t wait to return after all these years and hit the crazy-golf course again. Hopefully I’ll be better this time around.”
The spacious caravan sleeps up to eight – plenty of room for Samantha’s grandparents to stay.
She says: “I can’t wait to take them back to Primrose Valley to say thank you for all the amazing trips as a child. They were a huge part of my childhood and I’m excited to introducing Chris’s young nephews to the world of caravans too.
“I want to say a huge thank you to The Sun. It’s the best 30th birthday present ever.”
1,000 takeaways up for grabs
DON’T miss next weekend’s Sun Savers competition, where we are giving away an incredible £30,000 worth of Just Eat takeaways.
With summer over and television hotting up, nothing beats a night in with your favourite takeaway.
15 We are giving away an incredible £30,000 worth of Just Eat takeaways next week
So to get your weekend off to a cracking start, we have teamed up with takeaways king Just Eat to give away 500 delicious takeaway dinners next Saturday and Sunday.
Getting involved is simple. Just pick up your Sun newspaper next Saturday and find the Sun Savers code printed daily inside.
Head to the Sun Savers app or website and enter your code there.
Then go to that day’s draw in Sun Savers and click “Enter” to book your place. So whether you are craving a cheeky Chinese or fiery Indian, make sure you pick up next Saturday’s Sun to see if you are one of our winners.
Play now to win £15,000 on the Sun Savers Raffle
JOIN thousands of readers taking part in the new Sun Savers Raffle.
Every Sun Savers code you enter will earn you a ticket for our £15k monthly Raffle. And for every ten tickets you collect in a calendar month, you get a GOLDEN TICKET for our £80k Raffle, which takes place every three months, with the first one at the end of June.
15 Join thousands of readers taking part in the new Sun Savers Raffle
There is no limit to how many tickets you can collect. So the more you enter, the better your chances.
To take part go to sunsavers.co.uk or open the Sun Savers app. Then opt in to each month’s Raffle by clicking “Yes!” when prompted and start collecting the Sun Savers codes printed daily in the paper.
Today’s code is on Page 20. Every time you scan or enter a code into Sun Savers, you get a Raffle ticket in the £15k Raffle.
Not yet a Sun Savers member? Just go to sunsavers.co.uk or find “Sun Savers” in the app store to get started.

T&Cs apply. Full T&Cs at sunsavers.co.uk/faqs.

Fancy a free fiver?
YOU can get FREE cash with super Sun Savers just for buying your favourite paper.
Our brilliant new rewards club will pay back our most loyal readers.
15
Just pick up the paper each day to collect your Sun Savers codes and we will GIVE YOU £5 when you have ­collected 28.
This isn’t a one-off and there is no limit to how much cash you can save.
For every 28 codes you enter, we will give you a fiver. So over the course of a year, that could add up to £65.
We are keeping it super-simple. You don’t have to enter codes from consecutive days, so don’t worry if you forget a day or two.
15
Download our easy Sun Savers app and quickly scan your code using your smartphone. Or go online and enter your code at sunsavers.co.uk.
most read in money'HE WON'T STRUGGLE' Jamie Oliver's staff lash out as 1k jobs cut in restaurant collapse POUNDED Fraudsters are nicking £674 PER MINUTE in 'out-of-control' bank transfer cons SUMMER TIME Aldi is selling an electric patio heater with a speaker FRAUD WARNING Mum lost £780 a month benefits after loan firm assigned her Universal Credit BONUS TIME Sainsbury's is offering 10p a litre off fuel and 150 extra Nectar card points PUMP WARS Supermarkets pushing up price of petrol on a DAILY basis, RAC claims 
To get you on your way, join today and we will put a bonus £1 in your Sun Savers wallet tomorrow. And the good news doesn’t stop with free cash.
With Sun Savers, we give you the best hacks, deals and tips to save money every single day.
TO JOIN: Don’t worry, folks — joining takes just 30 seconds, in three steps.

