Meet the CGI models who are putting Kim Kardashian out of a job
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/7158671/cgi-balmain-models/
2nd September 2018, 5:53 pm
YOU may have noticed something a little different about the newest faces of French fashion house Balmain.
They're not celebrities or up-and-coming models - they're not even real people.
BALMAIN3 Margot (L), Shudu (C) and Zhi (R) are Balmain's latest faces
Ahead of Fashion Week, Creative Director Olivier Rousteing turned to technology to craft a virtual version of his #BalmainArmy.
He's added three CGI faces to his roster, including Shudu, the digital model who appeared on Fenty Beauty's Instagram page earlier this year.
The other two models - Zhi and Margot - are Balmain exclusive.
They were all designed by British photographer Cameron-James Wilson, and aim to reflect the brand's "unfettered celebration of inclusion".
BALMAIN3 Shudu first received attention earlier this year, when her picture was re-posted to Fenty Beauty's Instagram page
Rousteing describes Zhi as "a Chinese beauty inspired by David Bowie", telling Refinery29: "She’s the one pushing the agenda that David Bowie did in the past."
Meanwhile, Margot is "the French girl of his childhood dreams".
He adds: "I created the virtual reality army in the same way that I’m creating my collection.
"Being unique is really important because everyone has their own personality."
Getty - Contributor3 Kim Kardashian has previously modelled for Balmain
CGI models have proved controversial in the past, with many arguing that they take opportunities away from real-life women promoting diversity within the industry.
But it'll no doubt be interesting to see if - and how - they'll work alongside Balmain stars such as Jourdan Dunn, Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner.
Celebrities such as Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner have also appeared in Balmain campaigns in the past.
Will they be able to keep up?
Most read in FabulousBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit 
In more fashion news, celebrities are obsessed with this T-shirt dress from Lasula Boutique… and you can get it for £11.
These are the three engagement ring trends you’ll be seeing everywhere in 2019.
And Primark is selling a dupe of the Gucci bag celebrities love - that costs just £6.
Skin-growth jewellery is the bonkers new beauty trend that Kim Kardashian and Chrissy Teigen are loving... and we don't know how to feel

