Sending their kids to £32k-a-year school with Barron Trump and spying on the Obamas – inside Coleen and Wayne’s new life Stateside
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/7055096/from-sending-their-kids-to-32k-a-year-school-with-barron-trump-to-spying-on-the-obamas-inside-coleen-and-waynes-new-life-stateside/
21st August 2018, 1:09 pm
COLEEN and Wayne Rooney have never lived far from their working-class Liverpool hometown, Croxteth.
So when the Scouse WAG and her sons leave their £20million Cheshire estate and join Wayne in elitist Washington DC in the next few weeks, it's going to be a bit of a culture shock.
Instagram15 Wayne and Coleen are moving Stateside - and their life is going to be very different
The mum-of-four is travelling over 3,500 miles - an eight hour flight -with her brood - Kai, eight, Klay, five, Kit, two, and six-month-old Cass - to be with Wayne in the American capital following his £300,000-a-week D.C. United transfer deal.
The family are thought to be in talks to sign a huge family promotions contract with marketing firm Octagon, which could them advertising anything from food products to phones - and make them richer than the Beckhams.
         View this post on Instagram           Kisses from us all x Happy Summer! VB x 🌞 A post shared by  Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Jul 17, 2018 at 3:08am PDT

A source told the Sun: "The promotion deals will feature all the Rooneys. Brands are already lining up to work with him — there is even talk of a reality TV series."
Ditching her fellow Cheshire WAGs and Hollyoaks stars, Coleen will be calling some of the most influential people in the world her neighbours - including Ivanka Trump and Barack Obama.
Instagram15 Coleen and her entire family are relocating to the American capital
Watched all the presidential debates. If I had to vote would vote Obama.— Wayne Rooney (@WayneRooney) October 23, 2012


But how will the Rooney family - who are known for their love of Chinese takeaways and blingy outfits - fit in in the poshest neighbourhood in Washington DC?
A $12 million mansion next to the Obamas
Leaving behind their £20 million country pile, the Rooneys have already found their dream home in the States - a $12 million sprawling mansion in the city's most prestigious neighbourhood, Wesley Heights.
Fortitude Press15 The entrance hall is impressive, with golden mirrors and chandeliers
Fortitude Press15 The wine cellar in the mansion is impressive
Fortitude Press15 The $12million mansion boasts a pool and sun lounge area
The lavish pad has a wine cellar, a luxurious large outdoor pool, a state-of-the-art gym and a cinema room - all tastefully decorated in neutral cream tones.
The sprawling estate boasts crystal chandeliers, gold-plated mirrors and a grand entrance hall and staircase, with oak walls and flooring throughout.
And once they've moved in, the family-of-six will be able to spy on the Obamas - who live in a £6.4 million mansion just around the corner.
Twitter15 Wayne's new neighbours are a far cry from his footballing gang in Cheshire
President Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka also lives in the area in a $5.5million house with her husband and children.
According to the Washington Post, the leafy suburb is one of the most sought-after neighbourhoods - situated close to Battery Kemble Park and Glover Archbold Park - which have plenty of hiking, biking and running opportunities - perfect for four young boys to play.
Boutiques and bowling
Coleen is known for her love of shopping, and has already been spotted checking out her local boutiques.
The prestigious neighbourhood the family will live in is a short walk from the restaurants and shops of Georgetown and Dupont Circle.
The Mega Agency15 The Rooneys' neighbourhood is a short walk from the restaurants and shops of Georgetown and Dupont Circle
On a trip to their new hometown earlier this month Coleen sported £625 green Gucci T-shirt and £270 belt to take Kai out shopping at Georgetown Park Shopping Mall.
As well as designer stores including Ralph Lauren and Michael Kors, the shopping centre also boasts Pinstripes - a bowling alley that also offers bistro dining - where the family spent an evening on their last trip.
£450 lunches in Michelin star restaurants
Used to eating in five-star Chinese restaurant, Wing’s, and Rio Ferdinand’s Italian Rosso restaurant, Coleen will no doubt be keen to sample the best of Washington’s cuisine.
Known for their love of Chinese food, the couple will enjoy visiting one of the city’s many oriental restaurants, The Source, which is famed for its dim sum and wonton soup and is popular with White House staff.
         View this post on Instagram           Getting ready for Governors Ball.  Stay tuned. I will be posting behind scene moments. #food #party #wolfgangpuck A post shared by  Wolfgang Puck (@chefwolfgangpuck) on Mar 2, 2018 at 10:23am PST

15 Coleen and the boys have been sight seeing in Washington ahead of their move
One of Michelle Obama’s favourite eateries, Bourbon Steak at the Four Seasons Hotel, is close by and the couple celebrated their 20th and 22nd wedding anniversaries there.
The a la carte menu includes natural grass fed beef steaks, Maine lobster thermidor and oysters.
Alternatively, there are 14 other Michelin star restaurants, including Pineapple and Pearls on Capitol Hill which will set you back £242 a head for the dining room experience, or Blue Duck Tavern, where even brunch is Michelin-star worthy.
Natalie Portman's eyebrow threader
When it comes to her beauty regimes, Coleen won't have to sacrifice anything.
Celebrity makeup artist Carl Ray will be on hand to perfect her Scouse brow.
With over 18 years experience, he’s been the official makeup artist for Michelle Obama, and has worked with Vogue’s Anna Wintour, Meryl Streep, Brit designer Stella McCartney and actress Natalie Portman.
And when it comes to pampering, Coleen can pop to the David Rios Salon And Spa, where a blowdry package costs £312, and a haircut from the owner David himself will set her back £195.
Neil Jones - The Sun15 Coleen will be able to get her glam on in Washington
Wayne's multi-million pound move makes him the highest-paid player in the club’s history - and most of his teammates are relatively unknown.
The DC WAGs have private Instagram accounts and live their lives out of the public eye.
It’s a far cry from the Cheshire footballer wife community Coleen is used to, where she hangs out with fellow WAGs like Leanne Brown on a regular basis.
         View this post on Instagram           💞💞💞 @mrs_leanne_brown A post shared by  Coleen Rooney (@coleen_rooney) on Jun 13, 2017 at 3:24am PDT

£32k- a-year schools with Barron Trump
Coleen is said to be staying in Washington for only two out of the three and a half year contract Wayne has, so that Kai can come back to the UK to start secondary school.
Getty - Contributor15 The £32,000-a-year school Coleen's sons might attend
Splash News15 Will Coleen's boys end up hanging around with Barron Trump?
AFP15 With the Rooneys' kids end up studying with Barron Trump?
Among the most expensive schools in the area is St. Andrew's Episcopal School in Potomac, Maryland, where President Trump’s son Barron attends.
 At £32,000 a year, the school boasts state-of-the-art classrooms situated on 19 acres of land. 
Former president Barack Obama’s daughters Sasha and Malia attended Sidwell Friends School, also costing £32,000 a year.  
5-star hotels and holidays in the Hamptons
The Bahamas is approximately just a two and a half hour flight from Washington, while one of her favourite destinations - Barbados-  is a seven hour flight - six hours less than from her hometown of Liverpool. 
Coleen has been known to regularly frequent Barbados’ £1,000 a night Sandy Lane Hotel, one of the most prestigious resorts in the world, offering a top class spa and a stunning crescent- shaped beach.
Instagram15 The family are big fans of luxury holidays
The Mega Agency15 The family will be able to enjoy more Caribbean breaks than ever when they move Stateside
Perfect for the shopping-mad 32 year old, New York is also within an easy distance, just a one hour flight away, which is where Coleen allegedly spent £85,000 on wedding dress fittings before her 2008 nuptials. 
The family are also just a two and a half hour flight away from Disneyland Florida, which no doubt the boys would love, having visited Disneyland Paris earlier this year.
15 The family will no doubt make use of their close proximity to Disneyland
Latest News:GAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack FARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's desperate Brexit capitulation achieved nothing but alienating everyone HAMM SLAM Philip Hammond sparks uproar from Brexiteers in rant over consequences of No Deal CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM 
But if the Rooneys are really keen to settle into the American way of life there’s one place they really need to be seen, and that’s the Hamptons.
No doubt we'll be seeing them there next, maybe with the Obamas...
 

