Here’s the Great British Bake Off’s newest bakers — From a techno DJ to a mental health specialist
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/7060889/great-british-bake-off-2018-lineup-cast/
21st August 2018, 6:34 am
A BLOOD courier, house and techno DJ, banker and a mental health specialist are just some of the contestants entering the Great British Bake Off tent next week.
Among the 12 new contestants are also a civil servant, retired air steward, banker and a research specialist who will try their best to impress judges Paul Hollywood and Prue Leith.
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Meet this year's 12 new contestants for the Great British Bake Off
The contestants come from Newport in Wales, Leeds, London, Rotherham, the West Midlands, County Tyrone in Northern Ireland, Bristol and West Yorkshire.
Noel Fielding and Sandi Toksvig are returning as the show’s hosts, which is the second series to be aired on Channel 4 after it left the BBC.
Last year Sophie Faldo was crowned the winner, but not before judge Prue accidentally tweeted the result before the episode aired.
Prue blamed the gaffe of declaring Sophie's triumph too early on the time difference from where she was on holiday.
CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLIC36 The same four will front the hit Channel 4 show
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 This year's contestants hail from all over the UK
The new series will begin on August 28 at 8pm.
Below, we introduce this year's Bakers.
Terry, 56
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Terry has his own microbrewery and allotment in the West Midlands
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 The retired air steward was encouraged to apply for the show by his daughters
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 The former prosthetic technician hopes he he can use his background to add some 'edge' to his bakes
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Terry explaining his technique to judges Prue and Paul as well as host Noel
Retired air steward Terry, 56, from the West Midlands, who will use his background as a prosthetic technician, as well as spoils from his own microbrewery and allotment, to add edge to his bakes.
Encourage to apply for the show by his daughters, he said: "I wanted to change life a little, shake it up a bit, start a new course.
"I am on a new journey in life at the moment, and what better way to start it."
Ruby ,29
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Project manager Ruby says she learnt to cook while living with seven male housemates at university
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Ruby says she got her sweet tooth from her Indian mother making Indian sweets when she was young
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 The Londoner loves making boozy sweet treats for her friends and family
Project manager Ruby, 29, grew up in an Indian family and remembers her mother making Indian sweets when she was a child.
The Londoner now loves to make cakes and pastries and boozy treats for her friends and family.
Rahul, 30
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Rahul is a research scientist living in Rotherham but he grew up in Kolkata, India
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 The 30-year-old said he discovered new flavours and cuisines when he moved to the UK
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Rahul's baking style is self-described as East-meets-West
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Rahul getting animated while he chats with the two judges and host
Rahul was born in India and moved to the UK on a university scholarship when he was was 23.
The 30-year-old now lives in Rotherham.
Once in the UK, he discovered new flavours and cuisines that have inspired his East-meets-West style of baking.
He said: "I think pretty much everybody I know will be surprised.
"They know I bake, but not to the scale that I could enter the tent."
Manon, 26
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Manon was born and raised in France but fell in love with baking while working as an au pair in London
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Manon is a software project manager and says she takes inspiration from her French heritage as well as her culinary discoveries in London
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 When Manon moved to the UK, Bake Off was one of the first shows she fell in love with
Her French upbringing has inspired software project manager Manon, 26, who found her passion for baking when she came to London.
She now takes inspiration from her French heritage and her discoveries in London, as well as her travels around the world and said she is going into the tent for her friends.
Asked about her inspiration, she said: "When me and my best friend came to England, Bake Off was one of the first shows we watched together on TV.
"So I think my best friend and flatmate, and my closest girlfriends that have always rooted for me and supported me throughout my baking journey."
Channel 4 announces Great British Bake Off new series start date and it's going to be exciting! 
Karen, 60
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Karen describes herself as an 'in-store sampling assistant' from West Yorks
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Karen says this is the perfect time to challenge herself and have some fun
Karen, 60, from West Yorkshire, passion for baking stemmed from the 15 years she owned a house in France with her husband.
She said: "My daughters encouraged me to do it, and I was approaching 60 and I found it really liberating to do something like this.
"As you get older you feel less inhibited, and think 'Does it matter if you make a fool of yourself?'
"I have always wanted to be even more flamboyant and free, I really wanted to do this for me and I thought it was the right time to step up and take on some challenges and have some fun."
Kim-Joy, 27
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Kim-Joy lives in Leeds and has an English dad and Malaysian-Chinese mum and says her baking reflects her heritage
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 The mental health specialist says she has an open attitude to all styles of baking
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 The 27-year-old was encouraged to apply for the show by her friends
Mental health specialist, Kim-Joy, 27, was born in Belgium to an English father and Malaysian-Chinese mother, grew up in London and now lives in Leeds, and says her mixed-heritage background is reflected in her open attitude to all styles of baking.
She said: "None of my family really bake, it's just me that bakes.
"My friends have always wanted me to apply, but I didn't feel confident enough to apply until this year. I went into the tent mostly for myself to see if I could do it!"
Luke, 30
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Civil servant and house DJ Luke says his sous chef is his dog Oscar
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 The 30-year-old admits he didn't start watching Bake Off until two years ago
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Luke has been baking since he was 10
Luke, 30, from Sheffield who works as both a civil servant and a house and techno DJ and has been baking since he was 10.
He admits he only started watching Bake Off two years ago.
Jon, 47
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Jon, a Hawaiian-shirt-loving Welshman, works as a blood courier in Newport
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Jon says he bakes at home to get 'some peace'
Blood courier Jon, 47, has said he loves to bake after a hard day at work and aims to make impressive creations and experiment with different techniques.
The contestant, from Newport in Wales, is a father of four and said: "I bake as often as I can, several times a week, mainly in the day while my wife and children are at school as I get some peace that way!
"The tent is far easier than my kitchen, at home I have the kids running around, after school clubs to pick up from and my wife trying to keep the kitchen clean and tidy."
Imelda, 33
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Countryiside recreation officer Imelda, from Co Tyrone, was taught to bake by her mum
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Imelda says she dreams of inventing cheese, onion and chocolate crisps one day
Countryside recreation officer Imelda, 33, is from County Tyrone in Northern Ireland, where she learned to cook and bake from her mother.
Dan, 36
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Dan, a full-time dad of two, admits he has joined Bake Off for 'entirely selfish' reasons after six years at home
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Dan hopes the show will give him the opportunity to do something he is passionate about
Dan, 36, from London, who is taking part on the show after raising children.
He said: "My reasons for taking part in Bake Off were entirely selfish.
"I have been at home looking after the kids for the last six years, so it was a chance to do something for myself.
Antony, 30
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Antony likes to describe himself as a 'Bollywood baker' after growing up in India
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 The 30-year-old now works as a banker in London
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 Antony learned how to bake with his father
Banker Antony, 30, describes himself as a "Bollywood baker" after growing up in India, where he learned to bake with his father.
Now living in London, he said: "All of my friends back home in India will be really surprised.
"They have known me to be a singer in a choir, a two-piece band but never as a baker, so it will be interesting to see their reaction."
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary 
Briony, 33
Mark Bourdillon/Love36 Stay-at-home mum from Bristol Briony learnt to bake by watching YouTube tutorials
Mark Bourdillon/Love Productions36 The 33-year-old reveals she gets inspiration from her nan
Full-time parent Briony, 33, from Bristol, learned her techniques from YouTube tutorials.
She says her nan is her inspiration.
Great British Bake Off reveal incredible trailer with singing cakes for next series of the show

GOT a story? Ring The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or email exclusive@the-sun.co.uk.

 

