Arsenal confident Aaron Ramsey will sign new contract despite Barcelona and Lazio interest in Welshman
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/7036311/arsenal-aaron-ramsey-new-contract-barcelona-lazio/
17th August 2018, 7:39 am
ARSENAL believe they can convince Aaron Ramsey to sign a new deal despite interest from overseas, according to reports.
Ramsey is in the final year of his contract, and clubs from the Chinese Super League have shown interest in the Welshman.
Getty - Contributor3 Arsenal believe Aaron Ramsey will sign a new deal at the Emirates
Midfielder Ramsey is also on the radar for Manchester United and Chelsea, while European giants such as Barcelona and Lazio have shown interest.
But the Gunners are not concerned as they believe the 27-year-old will put pen to paper over a new contract, according to the Daily Mirror.
New boss Unai Emery sees Ramsey as an integral part of his team.
Last month, he said: "For me, I want him to stay with us, to work with us, to give the team the big performances with his quality. I think he is going to stay here with us.
Getty Images - Getty3 Unai Emery wants the Welsh midfielder to stay
Getty - Contributor3 Ramsey has interest from some of Europe's biggest clubs
LATEST FOOTBALL STORIESCAP THAT Pep Guardiola wears tartan flat cap for Man City parade, and Twitter loves it Ron Mour time Cristiano hints he wants Mourinho to replace Allegri at Juventus despite past RevealedPog off Real Madrid fans vote for top transfer signings with Hazard top and Pogba last BRUTAL Ajax Cape Town starlet, 16, left for dead after being dumped in horrific assault 'Bouncebackability' Renato Sanches and Choupo-Moting go from Prem relegation to champions Quick! Knapp him Gareth Bale can revive Man Utd after Zidane fallout, claims Harry Redknapp Exclusive'HISTORY MAKERS' John Barrowman says he knows gay footballers who are still in the closet ExclusiveCROSSED THE LINE Premier League clubs slammed for failing to tackle coked-up yobs at games 
“I think Aaron is an important player for us. The contract is one thing for the club and the player.”
Ramsey will be able to demand a significantly improved deal following the £350,000-a-week wage contract Mesut Ozil signed earlier this year.
And Arsenal believe he is one of their big-game players, which will see him play an important role on Saturday.
Emery's team travel to Stamford Bridge to take on Maurizio Sarri's Chelsea in their second game of the season.
Gunners were beaten 2-0 by Manchester City on the opening day.
Arsenal 0-2 Manchester City: Raheem Sterling and Bernardo Silva give Pep Guardiola dream Prem start

