China’s Xi Jinping bans Buddhist monks reincarnating without permission, Winnie the Pooh, classic novels and even the letter N
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5701287/china-xi-jinping-president-buddhist-monks-reincarnating-winnie-the-pooh-banned/
10th August 2018, 4:01 pm
BANNING Tibetan Buddhist monks from reincarnating without government permission may seem like a laughable law.
But just like so many of the Chinese Government's bizarre bans in recent years, there is a very serious and calculated reason behind it.
Getty - Contributor8 China has banned Tibetan Buddhist monks from reincarnation without permission from the government prior to dying
Whether it's prohibiting classic novels, taking a full-offensive against Winnie the Pooh, or going after the letter N, President Xi Jinping always has a reason, and that reason is to maintain power and crush dissent.
The government's effort to "institutionalise the management of reincarnation", in the words of the State Administration for Religious Affairs, dates back to 2007.
In reality the law was meant to dis-empower the Dalai Lama, Tibet's exiled spiritual and political leader, more than 50 years after China invaded the small Himalayan country.
It's not only Tibetan Buddhists that are in the firing line - Muslims and Christians have faced their own trials.
AFP or licensors8 The Chinese Government wants Christians to replace pictures of Jesus with images of President Xi Jinping - despite a total lack of resemblance
Churches have been ransacked in recent times as Christians are encouraged to replace posters of Jesus with portraits of President Xi Jingping.
The crackdown on Christianity is part of a broader push by Xi Jingping to "sinicize" all religions in the nation by infusing them with "Chinese characteristics" - including loyalty to the Communist Party.
Islamic crescents and domes have been stripped from mosques, and a campaign launched to "re-educate" tens of thousands of Uighur Muslims.
Here are some of the most unusual aspects of everyday life that the President wants rid of.
Ban on unusually long beards
Alamy8 The Chinese government has imposed new laws on the minority Uighur group
The Chinese government banned “abnormally” long beards in an effort to counter what it says is Islamic extremism.
The ban, which came into effect in 2017, also prohibited the wearing of veils in public places and made it an offence not to watch state television.
Tensions between the Uighurs, a minority ethnic group who practice Islam, and Han Chinese majority have caused bloody clashes over the last few decades with the government saying it was taking action against Islamist militants and separatists.
You might ask if the Dalai Lama's not safe, who is? The answer is not Winnie the Pooh.
Winnie the Pooh
Alamy8
Mentions of the lovable Winnie the Pooh have reportedly been removed from Chinese social media
Honey-loving Winnie the Pooh has been banned in word and picture form simply for his supposed resemblance to President Xi Jingping.
The lovable bear from AA Milne's books unwittingly stumbled into becoming a symbol of resistance to the authoritarian government.
The ban has been in the place since 2013, when a photo of President Xi and Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was compared to Winnie the Pooh and Eeyore shaking hands.
Getty Images8 Chinese President Xi Jinping, right, has been likened unto Winnie the Pooh while Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was compared to Eeyore
Classical literature and film
Amazon8 Animal Farm is an allegorical novella by George Orwell reflecting events leading up to the Russian Revolution of 1917 and then on into the Stalinist era of the Soviet Union.
If they're not going after children's cartoons, the Chinese government is attacking the other end of the spectrum - classical literature.
George Orwell's Animal Farm and 1984 have been prohibited in China, as well as the Chinese puppet film Emperor's Dream.
The moves make sense, when you consider the cautionary tale of 1984, and compare it to China's use of cameras loaded with AI to give citizens "social credit" scores.
Animal Farm was also an obvious choice to ban, given most take the children's novel as a thinly-veiled criticism of communism.
Emperor's Dream surmises exposing the corruption of the Kuomintang nationalist party using puppets in an exaggerated fashion.
The letter 'N'
Getty - Contributor8
 
If you're going after literature - why not try and knock-off an entire letter?
The ban on the letter now appears to be lifted, but it was temporarily blocked on Weibo after it was announced the Constitution of China would be changed to lift the limit on a two-term presidencies allowing President Xi Jinping to maintain his presidency indefinitely.
It has been speculated the block on the letter was out of fear it may be used on the social media site to allude to President Jinping's terms in office in that 'n > 2'.
Abnormally long beards
GAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack ME-OUCH Cat owner's face swelled & she ended up in hospital after scratch caused reaction SISTER'S DESPAIR I believe she's dead, says sister of missing Costa del Sol waitress SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk HIT THEM WHERE IT HURTS Spy chief reveals hidden targets US can use to erase Iran threat 
Emigration and Migration
Getty - Contributor8 China has censored the words 'emigration', 'immigration' and the phrase 'board a plane' in an effort to quash departures from the country
A search by the China Digital Times uncovered that terms relating to emigration, migration, immigration and 'board a plane' have been banned on Weibo in an apparent move by censors to crackdown on mass emigration from China.
All of these bans seem laughable, until you consider President Xi Jinpping is now allowed to remain a Chairman Mao-style “president for life” after a constitutional amendment was passed in March.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


