Sri Lanka bombings – Brit victim’s family feared she was dead when her text messages to husband suddenly stopped as bomber struck hotel
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8927435/sri-lanka-bombings-final-brit-husband-final-text-messages-suicide-bomber/
24th April 2019, 12:34 pm
AN IT director feared to be the final Brit killed in the Sri Lanka attacks was texting her husband just moments before a suicide bomber struck as she ate breakfast.
Lorraine Campbell, who was visiting the country on a business trip, was chatting with hubby Neil Evans when her messages "suddenly stopped", her son told The Sun Online.
Sun Online12 Lorraine Campbell, 55, believed to be the 8th British victim of the Sri Lanka attacks, pictured with her husband Neil Evans
Sun Online12 The pair married and moved to Dubai recently in a bid to earn some money ahead of their dream retirement in a few years' time
Sun Online12 Lorraine, from Manchester, pictured with her devastated 32-year-old son Mark
12 The Cinnamon Grand hotel was left a wreck after the bombing
The 55-year-old mother-of-one was staying at the Cinnamon Grand Hotel, in Colombo, one of three five-star hotels targeted by suicide bombers.
All eight British victims have now been named after Islamist fanatics detonated eight bombs at hotels and churches, killing at least 359 and injuring more than 500.
SON'S HEARTACHE
Devastated son Mark Campbell, 32, told The Sun Online: "Neil rang me after the bomb went off at the hotel.
"He said he’d been speaking to mum by text at the time and the texts had suddenly stopped.
"We know she was very close to the blast when it happened and we’ve been told she’s one of the victims, although we haven’t had official confirmation.
"Neil has flown over to Sri Lanka today to ID her body but we’re 99 percent certain she’s died."
Lorraine was was last seen alive on CCTV footage having breakfast with colleague Juno Srivastava at the hotel’s Taprobane restaurant - and she’s believed to have been "very close" to the blast site.
DREAM RETIREMENT PLANS
She’d relocated to Dubai along with Neil, whom she married last February, and worked for IT solutions company Al Fatein Technologies.
Mark, from Stalybridge, Greater Manchester, described his mum as “hard-working” and “dedicated”.
He said: “She was in Sri Lanka on a business trip and had only been in Colombo a day. The plan was to stay for a week and then fly on to Egypt. Relocating to Dubai was part of her and Neil’s three-year plan.
"It was a big challenge for them but they wanted to earn some tax-free money and then return to the UK and live nicely at a house in Liverpool they’d bought - that was going to be there retirement home.
"She’d always done what she wanted to achieve. Her attitude was: 'If someone else can do that, then so can I'."
FINAL MOTHER'S DAY
Mark last saw Lorraine on Mother’s Day last month.
"We went for a Chinese meal in Liverpool and she seemed really happy. We had a great time and told me she was really enjoying life in Dubai, her work and everything else - she had it all."
Lorraine had brought up Mark up alone after splitting from his dad when he was young and he described her as his "inspiration" and "mentor".
"My mum had two jobs when I was a child, she had so much drive and determination - she was amazing. She was my inspiration, role model and mentor in a lot of ways.
"She was very strong-willed and brave and always surprised me with what she did.
"But she was also very loving and touched so many people’s lives. She was good at remembering the little things about people and she was so selfless and really caring.
"When I split up with an ex, she decided to take me on an unplanned trip to Iceland - just like that. That’s the way she was."
Mark, an IT consultant, added: "I don’t really care why they carried out the bombings I’m just so upset that so many people have lost loved ones. I never thought something like this would happen to my mum."
She was my inspiration, role model and mentor in a lot of ways."Sri Lanka attack victim Lorraine Campbell's son, Mark
12 Lorraine was a IT consultant. Based in Dubai, she was visiting Sri Lanka for work when she was believed killed
BRIT VICTIMS IDENTIFIED
Two British teenagers, Daniel Linsey, 19, and sister Amelie, 15, were also killed after escaping one of the first bombs on Easter Sunday – only to be killed by a second blast.
The pair were in the Shangri-La hotel in Colombo with dad Matthew when a suicide bomber detonated his device.
Elder brother David, 21, said: “They were in a breakfast restaurant on the third floor when there was the first explosion.
“They tried to run away and out of the hotel. Then there was a second explosion.
“My brother and sister were ahead and dad about a metre behind.
"When the second one went off they were caught in the blast.”
Both were killed. Millionaire hedge fund manager Matthew, 61, miraculously survived, suffering cuts to his face.
He was back at home in Kensington, West London, on Monday.
The Linseys died yards from British victims Anita Nicholson, 42, her son Alex, 14, and daughter Annabel, 11. Their father Ben also escaped the Easter Sunday horror with minor injuries.
Firefighter Billy Harrop, 56, and his partner Sally were also named among the Brits who died in the terror attacks.
Former firefighter Billy was commended for his courage after the IRA bombing of Manchester in 1996.
His and Sally’s son Gavin was holidaying in Sri Lanka with them but survived the blasts.
This week Singapore-based lawyer Ben paid a moving tribute to his wife and children.
He said: “Mercifully, all three of them died instantly and with no pain or suffering.
“I am deeply distressed at the loss of my wife and children. Anita was a wonderful, perfect wife and a brilliant, loving and inspirational mother to our two wonderful children.
“Alex and Annabel were the most amazing, intelligent, talented and thoughtful children.
“Anita and I were immensely proud of them both and looking forward to seeing them develop into adulthood.
“They shared with their mother the priceless ability to light up any room they entered and bring joy to the lives of all they came into contact with. We shall all miss them dearly."
Moment smiling Sri Lankan bomber enters Shangri-La hotel before detonating device
12 Amelie Linsey, 15, fled the Shangri-La hotel in Colombo when a suicide bomber detonated his device, only to be killed by second explosion
12 Daniel Linsey, 19, was on the last day of a three-week holiday when Islamist fanatics detonated eight bombs at hotels and churches
12 Their dad, millionaire hedge fund manager Matthew, 61, miraculously survived, suffering cuts to his face
12 The coordinated attacks ripped through churches and hotels throughout the country
12 Ben Nicholson escaped the Easter Sunday horror with minor injuries
12 But his wife Anita Nicholson, 42, their son Alex, 14, and daughter Annabel, 11, tragically lost their lives
Sally Harrop/Facebook12 Hero firefighter Billy Harrop, with Sally, was commended for his courage after the IRA bombing of Manchester in 1996. They both also died in the blasts

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


