Wolves last won the league title 60 years ago this season… but amid super-agent controversy are the glory days returning?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/premierleague/6922868/wolves-glory-days-returning/
10th August 2018, 11:47 am
WOLVES’ famous gold and black colours were adopted to reflect the city council’s motto: “Out of darkness cometh light.”
It seems an apt metaphor for the club’s spectacular rise — some would say resurrection — under Chinese owners Fosun International.
PA:Press Association3 Wolves won the Championship title at a canter last season
Rewind to March 18, 2014 and Wolves were losing 2-1 in front of a capacity 5,680 crowd at League One Crawley Town.
So it’s fair to say they have raised the bar a bit since then.
After winning last season’s Championship at a canter, Wolves are back in the big-time following a sobering six-year absence.
This season marks the 60th anniversary of the last time Wolves were champions of England — as Stan Cullis’ side, led by England legend Billy Wright, won the league in 1958-59 to complete back-to-back title triumphs.
Mark Robinson - The Sun3 Wolves' Chinese owners have been highly criticised for pushing Financial Fair Play rules to their limits
Back then, Wolves were scrapping with Manchester United for recognition as the No 1 club in England.
They were leading lights in more ways than one as they invested £10,000 erecting floodlights, which allowed them to stage a series of high-profile floodlit friendlies against top foreign opposition.
In 1954, Wolves famously defeated Hungarian giants Honved, who had provided most of the legendary Hungary team which had hit England for six at Wembley the previous year.
That was enough for the press at the time to proclaim Wolves “Champions of the World”.
Sign up for Dream Team 2018/19 now


Dream Team is back and better than ever ahead of the new Premier League season
Completely free to play
£400k jackpot up for grabs across the season
REGISTER FOR DREAM TEAM 2018/19 HERE



MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 
Joao Moutinho gives emotional message to fans after arriving at Wolves
That riled Gabriel Hanot, editor of French newspaper L’Equipe, sufficiently for him to propose the creation of the European Cup — now the Champions League.
It is fair to say Wolves now have their sights set on participating in the competition they unwittingly inspired as soon as possible.
But the club has also had its fair share of controversy down the years.
Prior to World War Two, Wolves were widely criticised after their manager, Major Frank Buckley, revealed his players were regularly injected with monkey gland extract to enhance their performance.
These days Wolves are more likely to be accused of financial doping, as their billionaire owner Guo Guangchang pushes Financial Fair Play rules to their limits.
Getty3 Wolves have been more than busy in the transfer market this summer
Opponents gripe that the club’s relationship with super-agent Jorge Mendes is way too cosy.
Expect raised eyebrows as more major signings head for Molineux now Wolves are back in the top flight.
Their fans are at fever pitch, wondering where this will all lead.
After some painful years in the dark, they are ready to lap up the limelight this season and are daring to dream again.
All together now: “It’s coming home, football’s...”
Wolves celebrate their promotion to the Premier League with open bus parade 

