Luka Modric ‘tells Real Madrid he wants to leave for Inter Milan’ after huge contract offer
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/6976326/luka-modric-tells-real-madrid-he-wants-to-leave-for-inter-milan-after-huge-contract-offer/
9th August 2018, 11:38 am
LUKA MODRIC has told Real Madrid chiefs he wants to move to Inter Milan following a huge contract offer from the Italian side.
The Croatian midfielder was due to meet with Madrid's president today and although that meeting was postponed, Modric ensured he spoke with other decision makers in the club to make his feelings known.
EPA3 Luka Modric is having talks with the decision makers at Real Madrid to make his feelings about a move to Italy known
The European champions were reluctant to let the midfielder go and had reportedly offered to almost double his wages to keep him in Spain.
But the offer on the table from Inter Milan is now looking appealing to the Champions League winners and their star midfielder.
According to Gazzetta Italia, Modric may not have met President Florentino Perez, but found time to talk to his right-hand man Jose Angel Sanchez.
The World Cup Golden ball winner wants to move to the Serie A side to begin a new chapter in his football career.
Getty - Contributor3 Modric has won the lot during his six years in Spain, including the Champions League, La Liga, Copa del Rey and Spanish Super Cups
Perez and the club are busy preparing for the unveiling of Thibaut Courtois, but would be foolish to take their eye off the ball with Modric.
The 32-year-old is under contract with Real Madrid until 2020 where he bags £5.8m a year, while Inter Milan's first offer was nearer £10m per year.
If that is to continue to rise then a move to the Italian side would be even more appealing for Modric.
There is also reportedly the option to play in the Chinese Super League with Jiangsu Suning, who Inter Milan have links with, after his stint with the Serie A side.
🔙💪 Welcome back, @lukamodric10! The Croatian midfielder has started his pre-season at #RMCity. #HalaMadrid pic.twitter.com/V0kC1NoMDz— Real Madrid C.F. 🇬🇧🇺🇸 (@realmadriden) August 8, 2018


Getty - Contributor3 Modric was named player of the tournament after helping Croatia to their first World Cup final
Modric reportedly has had a £670m price tag slapped on him to deter interest from other clubs, but his future in Spain is far from certain
The star midfielder returned to pre-season training yesterday and the club were quick to share the news on their social channels.
The move of Modric and his ex team-mate Ronaldo to the Italian League would surely strengthen it no-end and make it one of the most exciting leagues.
But it would leave Real Madrid much lighter on star quality.
Sign up for Dream Team 2018/19 now

Dream Team is back and better than ever ahead of the new Premier League season
Completely free to play
£400k jackpot up for grabs across the season
REGISTER FOR DREAM TEAM 2018/19 HERE



Croatia star Luka Modric teary as he wins Golden Ball at World Cup 2018
Most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 

