Wolves season preview and prediction: Despite a six-year absence, Wanderers will be aiming for the top-half of the Premier League
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6926032/wolves-season-preview-prediction/
8th August 2018, 7:00 am
IT'S not hard spotting a Wolves supporter these days.
Just look out for tell-tale bruises on their arms, caused by 12 months of pinching themselves to make sure they weren’t dreaming!
4
PA:Empics Sport4 Wolves stormed to the Championship title a season ago
This sleeping giant finally rose from its slumber last season.
Backed by filthy-rich owners Fosun International group, headed by Chinese tycoon Guo Guangchang, Wolves are serious players again in English football.
Guangchang is reputedly worth about £5billion — making him the fourth wealthiest owner in the Premier League.
Only Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea’s owners boast more financial muscle. Even the Glazers at Manchester United must be casting envious glances.

PA:Press Association4 Nuno Espirito Santo led Wolves to a dominant season in 2017-18
Most newly-promoted sides arrive in the top flight with one aim — survival.
Not Wolves. They will expect to finish closer to the top of the table than the basement, despite their six-year absence.
With a little, actually make that a lot of help, from super-agent pal Jorge Mendes, boss Nuno Espirito Santo built a squad which romped the Championship.
Wolves made it look Portuguesy as midfielder Ruben Neves and Atletico Madrid loanee Diogo Jota shone.

Sign up for Dream Team 2018/19 now


Dream Team is back and better than ever ahead of the new Premier League season
Completely free to play
£400k jackpot up for grabs across the season
REGISTER FOR DREAM TEAM 2018/19 HERE



MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 
PA:Empics Sport4 Wolves hit the jackpot under the new, filthy-rich ownership
Santo’s swashbuckling champs were just a point off the magical 100-point mark.
Since then, Portugal’s World Cup No1 Rui Patricio has arrived from Sporting Lisbon, Mexican striker Raul Jimenez is a season-long loan signing from Benfica and Portuguese legend Joao Moutinho a permanent acquisition for £5million.
Jimenez will cost £30m if the deal is made permanent — loose change if Wolves take off as their owner hopes.
VERDICT
Fosun paid £45m to buy Wolves, which now looks a steal.
The Chinese investment giants vowed to spend big and have kept that promise. Dismiss Nuno Espirito Santo’s side at your peril.
Wolves celebrate their promotion to the Premier League with open bus parade 

