Chinese FA investigate Demba Ba’s claims he was racially abused by Zhang Li
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6956158/chinese-super-league-demba-ba-racism-investigation/
6th August 2018, 8:50 pm
THE CHINESE FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION is investigating allegations ex-Premier League star Demba Ba was racially abused playing for Shanghai Shenhua.
The shocking moment occurred yesterday during the 33-year-old’s side 1-1 draw with Changchun Yatai.
Peter Jordan - The Sun3 The CFAhas launched an investigation into allegations by Demba Ba that he was subjected to racist abuse
Former Chelsea and Newcastle ace Ba claimed he was the target of a racial slur by opposition midfielder Zhang Li.
The striker reacted furiously and grabbed Li, almost lifting him off the ground in anger and was seen pointing to the colour of his skin to officials and players.
Another ex-Prem ace, Odion Ighalo, was playing for Yatai and immediately stepped in to try and calm Ba down.
Now the CFA have confirmed they are looking in to the allegations.
Youtube3 Demba Ba was furious with the opposition player after suffering racial abuse
Youtube3 The former Chelsea man had to be calmed down following the incident
A statement from the governing body said: “After the game, according to the supervising report, the Chinese Football Association immediately launched an investigation and will hold a hearing about the irregularities in this game.”
It is alleged that the player repeatedly shouted “you black” towards Ba.

AWOL Chelsea star goes to the extreme in attempt to force move to Madrid

Shenhua manager Wu Jingui said: “The Chinese Super League has players of many different skin colours. We should respect our opponents and there should be no discrimination.
“I cannot calm down now. I feel great regret about the lack of respect to a player.”
LATEST FOOTBALL NEWSExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates Live BlogBLUES NEWS Keep up to date with all the ins and outs from Stamford Bridge 
Sign up for Dream Team 2018/19 now

Dream Team is back and better than ever ahead of the new Premier League season
Completely free to play
£400k jackpot up for grabs across the season
REGISTER FOR DREAM TEAM 2018/19 HERE



Dream Team are completely and utterly addicted to football 


