Neville Southall: A former binman turned Everton legend, the Welsh keeper was the last keeper to win the prestigious Football Writers’ Player of the Year
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6861642/neville-southall-everton-legend-monday-maverick/
6th August 2018, 7:00 am
BORN in Llandudno, North Wales in 1958, Neville Southall was, undoubtedly, one of the greatest goalkeepers in the modern era.
A shotstopper par excellence, he made a record 750 appearances for Everton, keeping an astonishing 343 clean sheets in all competitions.
24 Neville Southall was a maverick in every sense of the word
During his time at Goodison Park, Southall also won two First Division titles, two FA Cups, a League Cup and European Cup Winners’ Cup.
He’s also the record appearance holder for his native Wales too, winning 92 caps over an international career spanning 15 years and won the Football Writers’ Player of the Year Award in 1985, the last goalkeeper to win the prestigious title.
Now, about those bins…
He tried his hand at lots of things…
News Group Newspapers Ltd24 Everton legend Southall made a record 750 appearances for the Toffees
Getty - Contributor24 Over the lifespan of his career, Southall kept 343 clean sheets
It’s one of those football facts that everybody knows.
And yes, Neville Southall did used to be a binman but it was only for
three months.
But there were other jobs; hod carrier, waiter cleaner, odd-job man,
none of which he really wanted to do.
Strangely, the one job he really wanted – a postman – he never got to
do.
Latest football featuresPEPE LE CHEW Pepe's dad was prison guard - but he nearly lost career over stolen chocolate ROD THE SOD QPR legend Marsh a 'flashy sod' who got himself in trouble as outspoken pundit DER PRINZ Franz Beckenbauer's grandson Luca ready to live up to famous surname PicturedMEDICAL KIT Old Spanish football shirts brilliantly turned into hospital gowns for ill kids Pie Addick Ex Charlton star Paul Konchesky now runs a successful pie and mash cafe in Essex thatch of the day Stars pay up to £30,000 on hair transplants to get ahead of their rivals Heart ach Achraf Hakimi dating 'world's most beautiful actress' 12 years older than him Top Pog Paul Pogba's stunning array of motors is worth £1.6m and includes £260k Ferrari 812 
News Group Newspapers Ltd24 Southall was nicknamed 'The Binman', a job he did before he became a footballer
24 The fearless shotstopper's dream job was to be a postman
You can imagine him skipping down the street in the bleak mid-winter, can’t you? In shorts.
But the binman nickname stuck…
When Southall released his autobiography in 2012, he was going to call
it ‘Blue Dragon’ until he noticed a Chinese takeaway near Goodison Park
of the same name.
He also considered ‘Rubbish Keeper’ and ‘Leaning On A Post.’
Times Newspapers Ltd24 Southall's nickname stuck, lending itself to his autobiography ‘The Binman Chronicles’
PA:Press Association24 During a glittering career, won various trophies
So he offered the name of the book to Everton fans in a competition and
what did they come back with?
‘The Binman Chronicles’.

RAZOR Neil Ruddock: The cheeky Londoner went from starring for Spurs, West Ham and Liverpool to getting top billing on reality TV

His talent wasn’t always appreciated…
As a teenager, Southall had unsuccessful trials with Wrexham, Crewe
and Bolton but having starred for Llandudno Town and then as a £10-a-
week player at Bangor City, he finally got signed by Bury in 1980 for
£6,000.
Action Images - Reuters24 Southall won two FA Cups
AP:Associated Press24 The Binman also lifted the European Cup Winners' Cup
He’s a man of the people, wherever they are…
Happy Christmas and happy new year to everyone on the planet And anyone in spaceThat covers all I hope xxx— Neville Southall (@NevilleSouthall) December 24, 2016


He was a law unto himself...
In the 1990-91 season, Southall famously remained on the Goodison
pitch during the half-time break in a match against Leeds United.
Losing 3-0, he opted against going back to the dressing room for
manager Colin Harvey’s team talk and just sat, leaning against the post,
until the players came out again.
“I was seen as different. Some thought that, others thought I was just
stupid. I wasn’t,” he says.
News Group Newspapers Ltd24 Southall once stayed on the pitch during a half-time break after a bad first half
Times Newspapers Ltd24 Southall got suspended for two weeks by then manager Colin Harvey for his antics
“That day people said I was bonkers, that I wanted a transfer. I thought I’d had a s*** first half and I just wanted to clear my head, that’s all.”
For a while, Southall had thought he had got away with it as Harvey
hadn’t even noticed he was missing. It was only later that night that he
got a call from his gaffer.
He was suspended for two weeks.
His mind doesn’t work like yours….
I love the thought of recycled skeletons Imagine walking down your street and all you dead relatives were lampposts Brilliant— Neville Southall (@NevilleSouthall) October 3, 2017


He was always his own man…
Southall had a very specific routine when it came to matchdays.
He would turn up hours earlier than the rest of his teammates.
He would never stay in the team hotel.
Getty Images - Getty24 Southall had his own pre-game routine
News Group Newspapers Ltd24 He never stayed in the team hotel and turned up two hours earlier than everyone else
And, being teetotal, he wouldn’t go for a drink with the team after
they’d played either.
“I wasn’t massively close to a lot of people,” he admits.
He was obsessed with becoming better…
Southall would often study other sports to see how he could utilise some
of their techniques to improve his goalkeeping.
Getty Images - Getty24 Obsessed with becoming better, Southall always wanted to learn more about the game
News Group Newspapers Ltd24 Southall would read books about golf, cricket and boxing if it helped improve him
Golf, cricket, boxing – Southall would devour book after book in a bid to
improve his balance and agility.
It was all part of his drive to become the best he could. “I always
expected my next save to be better. I’d leave it behind and try to do
better,” he said in 2012.
“If you go to a museum and look at a painting, you don’t come out and
think I’ll paint a f****** jug with flowers in it, someone’s already done
that. You can’t beat that so you do something else.”
He got a well-deserved gong…
PA:Press Association24 In 1995, Southall was awarded an MBE for his services to football
PA:Press Association24 Southall joked that he felt undeserving of the award
In 1995, Southall was awarded an MBE. He’s still not entirely sure why.
“I got my MBE for services to football,” he shrugged.
“I think they looked at the list and were thinking equal opportunities and just said: “Right, who’s Welsh and who’s done something? He’s nearly retired let’s give it to him.”
He’s a political animal…
PA:Press Association24 Now a political activist, Southall is a Jeremy Corbyn supporter
News Group Newspapers Ltd24 In 1985, Southall won the Football Writers’ Player of the Year Award
As well as being involved in the Trades Union movement, Southall is a
full paid-up member of the Jeremy Corbyn fan club.
“Jeremy Corbyn’s done all right. Whether you like him or hate him, he
sticks to what he says.
"When he got made leader, people took the piss because he didn’t wear a suit.
"Well, he’s not Clark Kent. I thought: ‘If he don’t look like a politician, great. I don’t want a politician’”.
News Group Newspapers Ltd24 Southall was a law unto himself
News Group Newspapers Ltd24 The legendary goalie came up against Merseyside rival Ian Rush many times
Most read in football Exclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 
He’s got a solution for problems in grassroots football…
Brilliant. Just brilliant.
Saturday morning kids football pouring down1 game off already Why don't they just raise all pitches in Wales 3 feetI am getting webfeet— Neville Southall (@NevilleSouthall) September 30, 2017


News Group Newspapers Ltd24 Teetoal Southall preferred not to drink with his teammates
Getty - Contributor24 Despite being a cult hero, Southall is modest about his achievements
Getty Images - Getty24 He admits, “I get embarrassed when they ask me to walk on the pitch. It's like walking into someone else's home.”
He’s embarrassed by his legendary status at Everton…
He may still hold the record for the most appearances for the Toffees but
Neville isn’t exactly one to bask in the glory.
In fact, he doesn’t like it one bit.
“I get embarrassed when they ask me to walk on the pitch," he admits. "It's like walking into someone else's home.”

