Dutch legend Clarence Seedorf appointed Cameroon boss with Patrick Kluivert as his assistant
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6941518/clarence-seedorf-cameroon-boss-patrick-kluivert/
4th August 2018, 3:42 pm
CLARENCE SEEDORF has been appointed new Cameroon boss... with Patrick Kluivert his assistant.
The African nation had hoped to sign former England chief Sven-Goran Eriksson before the deal fell through at the last moment.
EPA3 Clarence Seedorf has been appointed the new manager of Cameroon
Now former Real Madrid and AC Milan star Seedorf, 42, will be the man to lead them at the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations on home soil.
Cameroon are yet to announce the length of the Holland duo's deals.
Seedorf has managed three clubs during his young career as a boss - at AC Milan, Shenzhen and Deportivo La Coruna.
However, he spent less than six months at each club as his career has struggled to take off.
Clarence Seedorf stuns his Deportivo subs bench with incredible first touch from technical area 
Getty3 Patrick Kluivert will serve as Cameroon No2 under Clarence Seedorf
PA:Empics Sport3 Clarence Seedorf won four Champions League titles as a player but has struggled as a boss, at AC Milan, Chinese side Shenzhen and Deportivo La Coruna
The 87-cap Holland international played 875 games during his playing career at Ajax, Sampdoria, Real, Inter Milan, AC Milan and Botafogo in a 21-year career.
Seedorf got his hands on two Eredivisie titles, one La Liga crown, two Serie A gongs and even four Champions League winners' medals.
But his career in management has been far less impressive with a mere 32.6 per cent win rate.
In his last gig, at fading force Deportivo, Seedorf won just two of his 16 games as boss as the side were relegated.
Sign up for Dream Team 2018/19 now

Dream Team is back and better than ever ahead of the new Premier League season
Completely free to play
£400k jackpot up for grabs across the season
REGISTER FOR DREAM TEAM 2018/19 HERE



MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 

