Inter Milan fail in Mousa Dembele bid as Tottenham midfield star eyes new club
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6941116/inter-milan-fail-dembele-bid-tottenham/
4th August 2018, 1:17 pm
INTER MILAN have failed in a bid to poach Tottenham star Mousa Dembele.
The Belgium World Cup star will be out of contract at White Hart Lane next year.
Reuters3 Inter Milan have failed in a bid to land Tottenham star Mousa Dembele
Inter have been on the 31-year-old's trail for several weeks, hoping to unite him with national teammate Radja Nainggolan.
Club officials recently presented an offer to Dembele's advisors.
However the midfielder turned it down as he seeks the final big-club move of his career.
Chinese club Beijing Guoan offered him a megabucks contract earlier this summer, but the former Fulham ace decided it is too soon for him to move to the Far East.
Getty3 Belgium World Cup hero Mousa Dembele is not renewing his contract at Spurs

Dembele played four times at the World Cup finals, including in both Belgium's wins over England, to help the Red Devils finish a best-ever third.
The Antwerp-born midfielder made 35 Tottenham appearances last season.
A £15million buy from Fulham in 2012, he has since played 232 Spurs games - scoring ten goals.
He previously played for Belgian side Germinal Beerschot and Dutch sides Willem II and AZ Alkmaar.
EPA3 Mousa Dembele is expected to leave Tottenham in the near-future
Sign up for Dream Team 2018/19 now


Dream Team is back and better than ever ahead of the new Premier League season
Completely free to play
£400k jackpot up for grabs across the season
REGISTER FOR DREAM TEAM 2018/19 HERE



MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 'RUINING FOOTBALL' Man City should be booted out of Champions League, urges La Liga chief DREAM ON Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino 'desires' to become Juventus boss, reveals cousin 

Tottenham players George Marsh and TJ Eyoma sing their initiation songs on club's USA tour

