Forget Fortnite – Overwatch League is here and it’s only going to get bigger
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/6925290/forget-fortnite-overwatch-league-is-here-and-its-only-going-to-get-bigger/
2nd August 2018, 5:29 pm
AS an entire arena came to their feet and roared as London Spitfire's Profit wiped out almost all of the Philadelphia team with one well-placed move, it was clear the first Overwatch League title was coming home.
And with over ten thousand people shaking Brooklyn's Barclays Centre to its foundations, it was also clear that Blizzard had created something very special to rival the biggest in traditional sports.
AP:Associated Press21 Fans lost their collective minds as Profit and Gesture combined to wipe out five of Philly's six players in one combined move

Blizzard Entertainment21 Packed arena, professional broadcasts and global reach add up to an attractive investment proposition
"We've looked to the Premier League for inspiration," league commissioner Nate Nanzer told Sun Online shortly before London Spitfire took on and beat the Philadelphia Fusion to take the league's first title.
The Premier League is a global one with fans from all over the world, and Nanzer isn't shy about his ambition to help Blizzard try to replicate that success for eSports first serious foray into organised competition for a truly mass market.
"We have similar aspirations to have millions of fans across the globe," he says. The playoffs for the league's first season, and some of the two-day grand final, were broadcast on ESPN's flagship channel on Friday night prime time, as well as being broadcast in full over on Disney XD.
The main audience is still online, where millions of existing fans are already tuning in. 861,205 people tuned in every minute, on average, across the weekend--with many more there for the climax.
Not one, not two, not three, but FIVE for @PROFIT_OWL and the @Spitfire in the @overwatchleague finals. pic.twitter.com/BpaP6DwyUy— ESPN (@espn) July 28, 2018


Blizzard Entertainment21 Fans dressed as their favourite characters dotted the arena, along with those in replica team jerseys or other team merch
AP:Associated Press21 While the arena started off really very partisan, the quality of London's play turned the neutrals around
Blizzard Entertainment21 Hearing a sold-out arena cheer as one for a piece of perfectly executed teamwork is amazing - whatever the sport
The Barclays Arena - home to the Brooklyn Nets NBA team - was packed to the rafters for both days of the finals, selling out faster than it did for the last concert there by Kanye West.
But millions watching online, in person, and on TV is just the beginning.
We've built a great foundation, but are always looking for ways to improveNate NanzerOverwatch League Comissioner
"We've built a great foundation, but are always looking for ways to improve," Nanzer says.
The league, working with the game's developers, have already improved things across the course of the first season, with more changes to come. It's now much easier to follow thanks to improved spectating tools built into the game, and the team controlling the broadcasts are getting better at using those tools with every game that goes out.
AP:Associated Press21 London's fans may have been in the minority, but their presence at all spoke volumes about the league's popularity
Blizzard Entertainment21 The Barclays Center was sold out for both days of the event - with each featuring around two hours of in-game action
Blizzard Entertainment21 London Spitfire cheer after being awarded the trophy and being showered with confetti in team colours
Blizzard Entertainment21 Spitfire's characters, complete with their in-game uniforms - some of which may now change next year to reflect their championship win
A huge focus for next season is going to be making that viewing experience better for people who have never played the game, or seen an eSports broadcast before.
This is all music to the ears of the owners of the 12 current teams and potential owners of the next crop of franchises which are going to be added next year.
Initial buy-in was in the region of $20 milllion per team - those wanting to add a team in the first expansion round can expect to see that rise to around $50 million.
Talking to CNBC after his team's win, Spitfire CEO Jack Etienne of eSports power house Cloud 9 made it clear he'd already seen a return on his initial investment, with the franchise's value already exceeding what Cloud 9 put down for it.
What is Overwatch?Overwatch is a team-based first-person shooter developed by Blizzard Entertainment.Unlike many other shooters, characters in Overwatch have one of three roles: damage-dealers, support, or tanking.
Damage-dealers do the traditional job of trying to outgun the opposing team's members. Tanks are there to draw fire and soak up damage while protecting objectives or their team-mates, while support characters can heal other players, boost their damage output, or protect them.
The Overwatch League is one of the flagship eSports competitions, with millions of pounds in prize money up for grabs.
12 teams competed in the inaugural season: New York Excelsior, Los Angeles Valiant, Boston Uprising, Los Angeles Gladiators, London Spitfire, Philadelphia Fusion, Houston Outlaws, Seoul Dynasty, San Francisco Shock, Dallas Fuel, Florida Mayhem and the Shanghai Dragons.
More are lined up for next year, with Atlanta, Paris and Guangxao confirmed and several more to follow.
All the players are full-time professionals, and all the teams are currently physically based around Blizzard's Arena in Los Angeles, though there are plans afoot to move them to their respective cities with their own arenas in the next couple of years.

Getty Images - Getty21 The raucous crowd seemed to love every minute of the weekend's action
Blizzard Entertainment21 T-shirts, caps, replica jerseys, stickers, keyrings, scarfs - Overwatch League teams have all the trappings you'd expect of a pro team
.@Spitfire owner @jacketienne and #OverwatchLeague host @GoldenboyFTW tell us what's next for @overwatchleague and the wild world of #esports pic.twitter.com/cdE7saXsET— CNBC's Fast Money (@CNBCFastMoney) July 30, 2018


Current owners include groups behind major sports teams as well as big players in the eSports world.
The Philadelphia Fusion are owned by the same team that controls the Philadelphia Flyers NHL team, the Boston franchise is controlled by the Kraft family, owners of the New England Patriots NFL team.
This is worlds away from the land of competitive Fortnite, the newest kid on the block. That involves online-only competitions and huge sums of prize money for individual players, but next to no organisation behind it.
Asked about the threat from Fortnite and its ilk, Nanzer is almost dismissive.
Blizzard Entertainment21 The attention to detail from many of the cosplayers is impressive
Blizzard Entertainment21 D-Va in her various incarnations is one of the more popular characters for cosplayers
A year two decades in the making
"We've been doing this for 20 years," says Nanzer, "and our focus is on professionalising eSports."
Overwatch trounced Fortnite in the viewing figures online this weekend - they had 44 per cent more viewers on Twitch in terms of hours watched even though the final was less than half the length it might have been thanks to London's dominance.
Fortnite grabbed the headlines with a $100million prize pool for its competitions this year, but it's drawn flak for poorly organised events, and leaves the players to fend for themselves outside of providing wads of prize money.
Overwatch League's players, on the other hand, are all fully professional, are employed by their teams, and have everything from housing to healthcare and a retirement plan provided.
Blizzard Entertainment21 Birdring (left) and Profit proved a deadly combination for London Spitfire
Blizzard Entertainment21 Fans throughout the arena were not afraid to show their support for their favourite players and teams
Blizzard has been organising huge tournaments for its games since the launch of Starcraft back in 1998, with that game kicking off the eSports scene in South Korea where players are now mobbed like rock stars and eSports tournaments are frequently broadcast on prime time TV.
They have also been creating epic fan events for just as long, with its annual Blizzcon event sitting alongside 'Invitationals' across the world that have attracted hordes of fans for years.
More major sports teams are rumoured to be weighing bids for up to six expansion teams before the start of next season. The first three to go are reported to be Paris, Guangzhou and Atlanta.
McCourt Global, who own Ligue 1's Olympique Marseille, are said to be in the final stages of closing a deal for Paris. The Guangzhou spot will be bought by the Nenking Group, the shell company of Chinese billionaire Zhong Naixiong that controls Chinese Basketball Association team Guangzhou Long-Lions, ESPN reports. The Atlanta team will be controlled by Georgia based conglomerate Cox Enterprises, which doesn't have direct connections to either eSports or traditional sports.
Blizzard Entertainment21 Fans cheered as the entire arena was covered in Spitfire-colours confetti moments after they secured the winning point
Blizzard Entertainment21 London Spitfire's CEO Jack Etienne is bullish for his team's prospects after picking up the very first title
There's no business like sports business
“The demographic of the esports audience is a dream come true from a commercial perspective - it’s an opportunity to connect with these are young and intelligent people,” says Sujoy Roy, director of esports at esports betting site Luckbox.com.
Roy has made the case that Premier League teams themselves need to start engaging properly with eSports to fully engage with the next generation of fans.
“You hear club officials complaining about losing young fans to gaming - but they do nothing about it. They should see it as an opportunity," Roy says.
Some British teams, including runaway title winners Man City, are dabbling in eSports. City announced a major eSports partnership with headset-maker Turtle Beach yesterday and sponsors competitive FIFA players, but this should just be the start, he says.
Getty Images - Getty21 Production values for the event were through the roof, with enormous screens and clever staging bringing the event to life
Blizzard Entertainment21 London's Profit was named MVP - but the award came as much thanks to his deft co-ordination with team-mates as it did solo skill
European teams are already starting, but have an easier time of it as many in France and Germany in particular are already multi-sport clubs that just happen to feature a very successful football team.
Roy said: “Football dominates when it comes to viewing figures but clubs cannot afford to remain complacent. The audience is aging and, increasingly, younger fans are staying away.
“Clubs need to think of new and inventive ways to get people involved. It doesn’t have to be a direct link - the esports team can even exist under a different brand - but it’s about making that initial connection and having these people as fans of your organisation.
“Manchester City and Paris St-Germain see value in eSports and that speaks volumes.”
Blizzard Entertainment21 New York Exclesior fans were disappointed their team fell in the semi-finals, but came out in force anyway
Getty Images - Getty21 Some had even adopted London by the end of the weekend
 
MOST READ IN GAMINGBACK TO BASIC Call of Duty 'set to ditch specialists and Battle Royale for 2019 game' NEXT BOX PlayStation 5 rumours – here's what to expect from Sony's next Xbox rival HEAD START Leaked PS5 demo reveals loading times are GONE and games start in under a second BOOK ENDS GoT author writing video game that could make fans even angrier than the TV show dead good? Everything we know about the seriously creepy Death Stranding video game so far GAME OVER Microsoft and Sony team up to create 'Netflix for games' to replace consoles 
Currently, all 12 teams are based around the Blizzard Arena, near Los Angeles in California. While it was once hoped that moves would be in place to create local facilities for all teams in their 'home' regions for the second season, this now looks likely to happen for season three in 2020, or perhaps even later.
Getting the teams out there is a "key strategic focus", says Nanzer, a feeling echoed by Etienne. Spitfire have already had discussions with number of potential home venues in London, and sit ready to pull the trigger just as soon as the league is ready for it.
The players can't wait - and neither can we.

Want to show your Spitfire pride? Order your Championship Tee from Spitfire's online store now.


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

