Lionel Messi toys with his hulking pet dog as Barcelona ace fools around in garden on pre-season break
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6897790/lionel-messi-barcelona-pet-dog-football-training/
30th July 2018, 4:41 pm
LIONEL MESSI has been preparing for the new La Liga season by enjoying a kick-about with his huge pet dog in his garden.
The 31-year-old was granted an extended break from Barcelona boss Ernesto Valverde following his participation at the World Cup for Argentina.
Instagram5 Barcelona ace Lionel Messi toyed with his huge pet dog in his garden
Instagram5 Messi, 31, trained alongside his pet Hulk ahead of returning back to Barca training
Instagram5 Argentinian international Messi has been given an extended break by boss Ernesto Valverde
And with the majority of his team-mates taking part in Barca's pre-season tour of the US, Messi has been honing in on his skills with his hulking Dogue de Bordeaux.
The five-time Ballon d'Or winner's wife Antonella Roccuzzo uploaded a video on her Instagram account of her beau casually flicking the ball over their pet dog Hulk.
Just like the world's most gifted defenders, two-year-old Hulk proved to be out of his depth when attempting to dispossess Messi.
Laughter can be heard from Messi's children as their dad left their beloved pet out of breath and completely bamboozled.
Sign up for Dream Team 2018/19 now

Dream Team is back and better than ever ahead of the new Premier League season
Completely free to play
£400k jackpot up for grabs across the season
REGISTER FOR DREAM TEAM 2018/19 HERE


Instagram5 Messi sent his children into fits of laughter in the video uploaded by his partner
Instagram5 Messi has had the Dogue de Bordeaux since 2016
         View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Leo Messi (@leomessi) on Sep 7, 2016 at 10:13am PDT

The 2014 World Cup runner-up and his partner recently attended former team-mate Cesc Fabregas' wedding bash in Ibiza alongside Thierry Henry, John Terry and Luis Suarez.
He is currently recovering from international heartbreak yet again after Argentina crashed out of the last-16 in Russia.
And Valverde will be hoping he comes back firing on all cylinders ahead of the season opener against Alaves at the Nou Camp.
His side beat Tottenham on penalties in the International Champions Cup in the early hours of Sunday morning, and will come up against AC Milan on Wednesday.
         View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Leo Messi (@leomessi) on Aug 7, 2016 at 11:17am PDT

MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
On-loan Barcelona midfielder Paulinho scores his first goal since his Chinese Super League return in a one-sided contest 

