Chinese snooker star Luo Honghao record worst-ever Crucible performance with 10-0 defeat while wearing dodgy spiked shoes
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/8913364/luo-honghao-worst-ever-crucible-result/
22nd April 2019, 11:58 am
LUO HONGHAO is officially the WORST player in Crucible history.
Not only did the Chinese debutant lose 10-0 to Shaun Murphy in the first round of the Betfred World Snooker Championships – the second whitewash in the tournament’s history.
PA:Press Association
PA:Press Association
But his points tally of 89 across the 10 frames were the fewest achieved by any player at this level.
Qualifier Honghao, who wore a pair of bizarre spiked shoes for his hammering, is considered by many as one of the rising stars of this sport.
He pushed Ronnie O'Sullivan hard at the English Open last autumn with the Rocket offering to replay their match after benefiting from an unseen foul.
Yet Honghao - nicknamed "Virtuoso" thanks to his grade ten-level piano skills - will have to carry this unwanted record around his neck for at least the next 12 months.
The 19-year-old said: “When I came here, I felt so nervous and couldn’t focus on the game. The crowds and lights were too much. I didn’t feel comfortable.
“Shaun told me: ‘Don’t feel bad. You can come back here and win.’”
NATURAL SHAUN WINNER
Murphy, the 2005 world snooker champion, now meets in-form Australian Neil Robertson in the Last 16.
He said: “Never in my wildest dreams, given how bad my season has been, did I think I would come here and win 10-0. He has had a great rookie season and will do damage in the years to come.
“It’s tough to keep people calm. I came down the hotel last night, went out for bite to eat, and when I walked through the hotel I got a round of applause.
“The Crucible is like that. I lost on my debut and it felt like a massive crush. If you want to be a winner, you shrug things off.
"Hopefully it can inspire him to go on and do bigger and better things.”
Michael Georgiou fell 9-0 down to Neil Robertson on Sunday night but the Cypriot hit a break of 90 in the 10th frame to avoid losing 10-0.
More Snooker newsHIGGINS TRUMPED Judd Trump wins snooker World Championship after demolishing John Higgins CHILLY CRUCIBLE Fuming Judd Trump in Crucible row after claiming venue is too cold JUD THE TICKET Judd Trump puts one hand on trophy with 12-5 lead over John Higgins STUDY BREAK Snooker legend Ronnie O'Sullivan wants to take a gap year to train as a chef SNOOKER LOOPY Today's snooker stars have ditched booze and fags for running and veganism 'DEFINITELY IBIZA' Tearful Gilbert hugged by BBC presenter after losing dramatic semi-final 
The first person to lose without registering a frame at the world championships was Eddie Charlton who was spanked 10-0 in the first round by defending champion John Parrott in 1992.
Danny Fowler had previously held the record for the fewest points tally – 191 – from his 10-1 defeat to Stephen Hendry in 1993.
After retirement from snooker, Fowler did a number of menial jobs, including working on a maggot farm.

Ken Doherty credits Jackie Chan for win over Mark Williams after karaoke and trick shots with film star

