Arsenal victim to scam after partnership deal with Chinese firm BYD Auto signed off by an imposter
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6797360/arsenal-news-scam-byd-auto-imposter/
17th July 2018, 8:36 am
ARSENAL have fallen victim to an embarrassing swindle by a Chinese fraudster who is now being investigated by Shanghai cops.
The Gunners announced in April that they had signed a deal with BYD Auto - the "world's best-selling electric vehicle manufacturer".
Arsenal5 Arsenal have fallen victim to a Chinese fraudster - and were scammed in their deal with BYD Auto
Arsenal5 Granit Xhaka, Laurent Koscielny and Shkodran Mustafi posed with a shirt with 'BYD 1' on it to promote the deal
Arsenal even released a statement that said the deal "came to fruition following our successful pre-season tour to Shanghai and Beijing in 2017".
Laurent Koscielny, Granit Xhaka and Shkodran Mustafi posed with a shirt that had 'BYD 1' printed on the back.
The firm was supposed to be Arsenal's official car and bus partner, with the Chinese firm to receive LED signage next to the pitch and logos on dugout seats.
Arsenal legends would also be made available for promotional events in China.
5 Arsenal released this statement back in April - but are now stressing that 'senior level' employees of BYD Auto were involved in negotiations
But it has now been revealed that the club were scammed, with the man who sanctioned the deal an imposter who didn't ever work for the firm.
The suspected fraudster, Li Juan, has been detained and is under investigation by police in Shanghai.
Local media reports than Juan rented property in the city and tricked clients into thinking he had opened a BYD branch.
The firm, which provides buses for Transport for London and has more than 220,000 employees worldwide, released a statement to the Hong Kong stock exchange claiming foul play.
Getty - Contributor5 The fraudster never worked for the firm and is now under investigation by cops in Shanghai
It read: "Recently, BYD Company Limited noticed that some media published or reproduced false reports about the Company, which involved misinterpretation of the Statement on Conducting Related Businesses by Li Juan and Other Related Persons through Illegal Use of the Name of BYD released by the Company on July 12, 2018 and distortion of facts.
"Such reports caused the question to the Company from the public and negative impact on the Company, to some extent.
"Li Juan was suspected of committing a crime due to faking the identity of staff of BYD and using the forged seal to sign contracts, which BYD has reported to the police.
"The police is getting involved in the investigation and Li Juan currently has been taken for enforcement actions by the police."
AP:Associated Press5 BYD - which stands for Build Your Dreams - develops and manufactures electric vehicles and has more than 220,000 employees worldwide
BYD Auto's share price fell by 5.7 per cent after the announcement.
Arsenal later released a statement on their Chinese website, stressing that "senior level" BYD employees were part of the negotiation process.
"BYD has informed Arsenal that they believe they have been the victim of a fraud in relation to various advertising agreements.
"This includes our partnership with BYD which was formally launched by both parties at an event at Emirates Stadium on May 8," the statement reads.
Arsenal manager Unai Emery reveals that he wants five captains for the team 
MOST READ IN FOOTBALLExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links DAN THE MAN Man Utd to sign Daniel James for £15m after Swansea ace agrees personal terms 
"We are investigating the situation and discussing it with senior level BYD representatives who were involved in the launch of the partnership.
"We will make no further comments on this matter."
BYD, which stands for Build Your Dreams, designs and manufactures electric cars, buses, commercial vehicles and trains.

