Pacquiao vs Matthysse: UK start time, TV channel, live stream and undercard info for TONIGHT’S WBA title fight
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/boxing/6764077/pacquiao-vs-matthysse-time-live-stream-tv-channel-undercard/
15th July 2018, 12:17 am
MANNY PACQUIAO will return to the ring a year on from his defeat to the Australian fighter Jeff Horn as he faces Argentinian Lucas Matthysse in the WBA welterweight title bout. 
Pacquiao is one of boxing's most successful fighters, with 59 career wins and 38 knockouts. However, Pacquiao has suffered four of his seven career losses in his last ten fights and has failed to secure a knockout since a win over Puerto Rico's Miguel Cotto in 2009.
EPA1 Pacquiao has his sights set on a 60th career win.
When is Pacquiao vs Matthysse, and what time does it start?
Matthysse is the current holder of the WBA welterweight title and has not lost a fight since suffering defeat to Viktor Postol in 2015.
However, he is inexperienced compared to Pacquiao in the welterweight division. The Filipino has been a regular in the division since 2009 whereas Matthysse has only entered two bouts at the 147 pound limit.
Pacquiao vs Matthysse will be held on Sunday, July 15 UK time.
The fight will be held at the 16,000 capacity Axiata Arena in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The undercard action will begin from 1am UK time, with the ring walk for the main fight expected at around 4.30am.
Who is on the undercard?
Chinese 2016 Olympian Lu Bin will be looking to cause a shock and win a world title in only his second professional fight as he faces the unbeaten WBA light flyweight champion, Carlos Canizales.
Bin won his first professional fight against Thailand's Wanchai Nianghansa last year. He also achieved gold in the 2012 Youth World Championships at light-flyweight level.
In the other undercard bouts, Moruti Mthalane will face Muhammed Waseem for the IBF flyweight title, with Mexican Edivaldo "Indio" Ortega taking on Filipino Jhack Tepora in a world title fight.
most read in sportExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' MAMMA MIA Pornhub legend Khalifa shares footage from surgery after being hit by hockey puck Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links 
What TV channel is Pacquiao vs Matthysse on?
UK TV viewers can catch the fight on BoxNation.
Coverage is set to begin at 1am UK time, with the main event expected from 3am.
BoxNation's TV channel is available through all major providers, subscriptions starting from £12 per month.
How can I live stream Pacquiao vs Matthysse?
If you can't catch the fight on the TV, BoxNation offers a selection of online streaming packages so you don't have to miss any of the action.
You can watch BoxNation online for £12 per month, or you can subscribe to the mobile app also for £12 per month to watch the fight on the move.
The channel also offers streaming packages through Amazon Fire TV and Apple TV services.
What have the fighters said?
Pacquiao said: "My time is not done yet, that's what I'm trying to prove. I don't have a prediction but I will do my best to win convincingly. If I could have the chance to finish it right away, I'll finish it."
Matthysse said: "It's a great opportunity for me to fight Manny Pacquiao. It's a dream come true... It's my first time defending my world title which was very difficult for me to attain. I'll die for the title if I have to. I'm going to defend this title to the death... [Pacquiao's] not in his prime anymore, He's still very good, but not at the same level."
Boxing legend Manny Pacquiao says no decision has been made on coach Freddie Roach ahead of fight with Lucas Matthysse 
 
 
 

