Thai cave schoolboy, 14, praised as sole English speaker who helped Brit divers with rescue – after fleeing Myanmar as refugee and learning FIVE languages
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6758624/thai-cave-schoolboy-14-english-british-divers/
12th July 2018, 5:35 am
ONE of the brave schoolboys trapped in a Thai cave has been praised as the sole English speaker who was able to help co-ordinate the rescue with British divers.
Adul Sam-on, 14, was able to speak for the group of 12 boys and their coach after they got stuck for more than two weeks inside the Tham Luang cave.
AFP11 Adul Sam-on, 14, far right, was able to speak for the group of 12 boys and their coach after they got stuck in the cave
Their ordeal finally came to an end on Tuesday when the last of the four boys and the 25-year-old coach emerged thanks to the bravery of the rescuers.
Adul was able to communicate with Brit divers John Volanthen, 47, an IT consultant from Bristol, and Jason Mallison, 50, from Huddersfield.
His language skills are particularly impressive because he originates from Myanmar's Wa State, where less than a third of the population speaks English.
The talented youngster left his family behind to get a better education in northern Thailand when he was just seven-years-old and his parents still visit him at the Christian Church which took him in.
Handout11 The talented teen fled Myanmar - and his family - at the age of seven for a better life in Thailand
Dan Charity - The Sun11 Brave Brit divers John Volanthen and Jason Mallinson at Chiang Rai airport as they prepare to leave Thailand
​Heroic ​​British divers John Volanthen and Jason Mallison​ face the press after​ saving the lives of the Thai boys who were stranded in the Tham Luang cave system
He has attended Ban Pa Moead School since fleeing his homeland and can now speak an incredible five languages, including Thai, Burmese, and Chinese.
The polite youngster was heard in footage from the rescue mission asking the divers: "What day is it?" and telling them that the group was hungry.
Hours after rescuers first reached the boys, video emerged showing them making polite gestures and the skinny teenager was heard saying: "I'm Adul, I'm in good health."
But he is among 400,000 people who are registered as stateless in Thailand, according to the UN Refugee Agency (UNHCR), though some estimates put their numbers at 3.5 million.
AFP or licensors11 The brave Thai boys wave for the camera while recovering in hospital
AFP or licensors11 The boys are being kept in isolation over fears they could contract viruses from human contact
EPA11 The lads appeared in good spirits while being treated in hospital
Thai cave boys smile and wave from hospital beds in isolation unit 
UNHCR spokeswoman Hannah Macdonald said: "Whilst some progress has been made, stateless people in Thailand continue to face challenges accessing their basic rights."
With no birth certificate, no ID card and no passport, Adul cannot legally marry, get a job or bank account, travel, own property or vote.
Thailand has vowed to register all stateless people by 2024, but until then people like him remain stuck in legal limbo.
But he refuses to let his status hold him back.
11 One of the boys is seen being carried out of the cave on a stretcher
11 The rescue operation took three days and sucessfully saved all 12 boys and their football coach
Reuters11 Emergency workers help rescue one of the children from the dark tunnel complex
The passionate footballer also loves to play the piano and guitar, and is an accomplished student too.
His school director Phunawhit Thepsurin told AFP: "He's a gem.
"He's good at both studying and sports... he's brought our school several medals and certificates from his achievements."
It comes as the British divers modestly downplayed their roles in the rescue and rejected any suggestions of knighthood.
11 All boys and their football coach survived the ordeal thanks to a dream rescue team
11 Around 100 rescue workers were inside the cave when the last boy was pulled to safety yesterday
Told he was a national hero, Mr Volanthen responded to the Daily Mail: "It’s not like that – if you could do the same for someone else’s child, you would."
Fellow rescuer, Mr Mallinson said: "We’re not heroes.
"It was a difficult mission but we succeeded and the results speak for themselves. I feel good - now it’s over. It will be good to get home."
Heartwarming footage showed the Wild Boars football team waving in hospital as video emerges of them being saved from the dark tunnel.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
A clip of the brave lads being carried out on stretchers from the cave in Chiang Rai after escaping their 18 day hell has been posted on social media.
A source told The Sun the boys were given ketamine to stop them from panicking while the divers guided them out of the 3-miles of submerged passages.
The brave boys are being kept away from their loved ones over fears they could contract infections after being trapped in the cave network for 18 days.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




