World Cup 2018: Nigeria’s Odion Ighalo pleads with fans after receiving death threats following misses in final game
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/world-cup-2018/6656944/world-cup-2018-odion-ighalo-nigeria-death-threats/
29th June 2018, 1:44 pm
EX-WATFORD star Odion Ighalo has received DEATH THREATS after Nigeria's World Cup exit.
The striker missed two good chances against Argentina on Tuesday as the Super Eagles lost 2-1 in Saint Petersburg.
Reuters4 Odion Ighalo has received death threats in the wake of Nigeria's World Cup exit
A draw would have sent Gernot Rohr's side through, but Marcos Rojo's late strike ended the West Africans' Russia campaign.
Ighalo, who Watford sold to Chinese club Changchun Yatai for £20million last year, has now hit out after sickening threats and abuse from Nigerian fans.
The 29-year-old wrote: "For those who want to kill me, please - I am someone's child.
"We did our best, but sometimes things don't always go the way you want - but life has to go on.


FROM RUSSIA WITH LIVE All the latest action, news, goals and gossip from the World Cup 

News Group Newspapers Ltd4 The former Watford star missed a number of clear chances against Argentina
"Great experience to be at the World Cup, and I enjoyed every moment of it."
Nigeria had been tipped to emerge from Group D, but lost out to in-form Croatia and the Argentines - who only progressed thanks to an 86th-minute goal from Manchester United defender Rojo.
Ighalo scored 39 goals in 99 Hornets appearances following his move from Udinese in 2014.
He said after Tuesday's game: "I apologise to Nigeria. I apologise to my team-mates.
Fanzone Nigeria: Rojo breaks Nigerian World Cup dreams on the Old Kent Road
Reuters4 Argentina went on to dump Nigeria out of the World Cup with a late winner
"I take responsibility for this game, because had I taken those chances I had that would have made it a different ball game.
"It's a sad day for me, the boys and the country because we went out in a bad manner - and we deserved more."
Reuters4 Ighalo has pleaded with fans to give him another chance
Most Read in World CupFAN-DEMONIUM England fans smash up ambulance and BUS STOP as World Cup win sends them wild HIDDEN GEM Who is Paul Pogba's girlfriend Maria Salaues? Why do we not see her very often? PicturedIt's a cover-up Stunning female Russia fans don tiny tops while Saudi women wear veils ICE TO SEE YOU Pogba's girlfriend Maria shows off 'engagement ring' during France clash SIGN IT UP! UK could have bank holiday if England win World Cup after 200,000 sign petition NO HARD FEELINGS Man dumped by Gareth Southgate's wife insists he holds no grudge 

