These brides shed a whopping 32 STONE between them after feeling humiliated by their wedding day photos
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/6556837/these-brides-lost-weight-after-being-shamed-by-wedding-photos/
17th June 2018, 11:49 pm
WEDDING photos should be proudly displayed – but these three women wanted to bin their picture reminders from the big day.
Already sensitive about their size, they were so appalled at seeing themselves squeezed into huge dresses that they vowed to change – and ended up losing 32st 9lb between them.
David Cummings - The Sun10 Jessica, Emma and Hayley were inspired to lose weight after being left humiliated by their wedding photos
Jessica Neave, Emma Kireia and Hayley Dobson vowed to lose weight after seeing their own wedding photos.
The trim trio share their stories of slimming down with NIKKI WATKINS and CHANTELLE REES.
'Students made cruel comments'
ENGLISH teacher Emma Kireia, 33, of Mildenhall in Suffolk, married agricultural trainer John, 32, in April 2015, wearing a size 32 dress. Faced with the unflattering pictures, she lost 17st 1lb and is now a size ten.
She says: "Growing up, I was always the biggest child in my class. I was a size 20 by the time I went to college.

David Cummings - The Sun10 Teacher Emma Kireia lost nearly 11 stone after being faced with unflattering wedding photos
"I then ballooned to 27st 11lb and a size 34. As a teacher, I’d often overhear students making cruel comments about my weight and my confidence was non-existent.
"But in November 2013, John proposed. I was over the moon but mortified when I had to get a wedding dress custom-made to fit.
"I felt a far cry from a princess as I waddled down the aisle. Even though John insisted I was beautiful, I refused to frame any photographs.
"I tried to move on but my wedding album played on my mind so much that I vowed to slim down for good.
Collect10 Emma refused to frame any wedding photos of her special day when she married John
David Cummings - The Sun10 Emma says seeing photos of her bursting out of her wedding dress was the 'kick' she needed to overhaul her unhealthy lifestyle
"I joined Slimming World in June 2015, two months after our wedding. I’m so much happier in my own skin now.
"Seeing the pictures of me bursting out of my wedding dress was the kick I needed to change for good."
'On big day I felt uncomfortable'
HAYLEY DOBSON, 34, squeezed into a size 28 gown on her big day.
The Waitrose team leader from New Ash Green, Kent, married security officer Neil, 35, in 2009, weighing 20st 3lb.
David Cummings - The Sun10 Hayley Dobson, who wore a size 28 wedding dress, felt 'horrified' when she got her wedding photos
After seeing the wedding snaps, she vowed to lose weight and shed eight stone, shrinking to a size 12.
She says: "I loved ordering a huge Chinese takeaway but once I’d devoured the lot I would feel a rush of self-loathing.
"But as bad as I felt about my weight, I knew Neil loved me for who I was.
"After dating for a year, I was thrilled when he proposed in March 2005.
Collect10 Waitrose team leader Hayley was 20st 3lb when she walked down the aisle with husband Neil in 2009
"I kept promising myself I would shift the weight before the big day in August 2009, but I spent the whole day feeling uncomfortable and could barely breathe.
"When we got our wedding photos back a few weeks later, I was horrified. I was huge.
"The horror of being a wide bride played on my mind for years.
"I eventually vowed to change and joined Slimming World and started doing Zumba classes.
David Cummings - The Sun10 Hayley's wedding photos forced her to change and eventually joined Slimming World and participating in Zumba classes
"Now I’ve lost eight stone, I’m so much happier and Neil loves the change in me.
"We plan to renew our vows in August 2019 so I can get the photos I always dreamed of."
'I couldn't keep up with my girl'
IN her size 24 dress, Jessica Neave felt miserable at her wedding to salesman Jamie, 32, in 2011.
After seeing the pictures, the 30-year-old supermarket assistant from Thetford, Norfolk, decided to transform herself and shed 7st 8lb.
David Cummings - The Sun10 Jessica, 30, admits she felt miserable while wearing a size 24 dress at her wedding
Jessica, who is mum to Lilly, three, says: "I have struggled with my weight for my entire life but could not ditch my junk-food habit.
"I lived on takeaways and was always snacking.
"Eventually I weighed 19st and wore a hulking size 24.
"I was thrilled when Jamie proposed in 2008 but the vision of me wobbling down the aisle was too much to bear.
Collect10 Jessica Neave says she almost cried when she and Jamie eventually got their wedding photos back
"I told myself that I would lose the weight but when we got married, I was bigger than ever.
"When we eventually got our wedding photos back, I almost cried. I was mortified.
"The final straw came when we had Lilly. My pregnancy was troublesome due to my size and I could hardly keep up with her.
"My weight had stopped me feeling like a beautiful bride, now it was preventing me being a good mum.
David Cummings - The Sun10 Despite telling herself she'd lose the weight before her wedding to Jamie, Jessica was biggest than ever at her big day
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit 
"So in February 2016, I joined Slimming World and the pounds started dropping off.
"I’m so much happier now – and it’s all down to those horrific wedding pictures."
Vicky Pattison goes shopping for her dream wedding dress on Say Yes to the Dress despite postponing her big day by a year

