Love Christian Louboutin heels? Here’s how to fake them for £1.50 from Homebase
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/6514890/christian-louboutin-heels-fake-them-homebase/
12th June 2018, 11:00 pm
MANY women dream of having a pair of the distinctive red-soled Christian Louboutin heels in their wardrobe - but can’t afford the price tag.
Thankfully it might be easier than you think to have your Cinderella moment, with many shoppers simply using paint from Homebase.
Alamy3 Homebase staff have noticed there has been a surge in people buying red paint pots to replicate the designer heels (pictured)
Women have been buying heels they don’t mind getting ruined, and then heading to Homebase to buy a shade that resembles the vivid red Louboutin sole.
For those watching the pennies, opt for a tester pot, which can cost as little as £1.50 – so won’t break the bank.
According to the Telegraph, staff have noticed a surge in the sales of shocking red paint shades – Flame and Showstopper – and have suspected they have been used to recreate the famous shoe.
A store manager at Acton said: “We have recently noticed a significant number of girls in the store colour matching the tester pots to pictures of designer shoes in fashion magazines and requesting tips on how to paint on leather or rubber.”
Getty - Contributor3 Shoppers have been buying sample tubs from Homebase and giving the sole of their shoes a lick of red paint
For paint jobs, Homebase recommends using a primer before applying the paint with a brush, and then using a surface sealant afterwards.
While many have been copying the red sole look at home, you may want to think twice before following suit.
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) has backed Christian Louboutin to protect its famed coloured sole, which is the shade Pantone-18 Chinese Red.
This comes after a legal case in 2012 where Louboutin sued rival Van Haren for copying the look.
Getty Images - Getty3 Numerous celebrities are fan of the popular shoe, including Oprah Winfrey

Christian Louboutin heels, £495 from Selfridges - buy now

Van Haren claimed that under EU law companies cannot trademark common shapes of products, but the ECJ ruled shape trademarks do not apply to Louboutin's red sole.
A spokesperson for Christian Louboutin said in a statement: "For 26 years, the red sole has enabled the public to attribute the origin of the shoe to its creator, Christian Louboutin.
"This case will now be referred back to The Hague Court which is expected to confirm the validity of the red sole trademark."
Christian Louboutin heels can cost upwards of £495, so you might want to get saving if you wish to own a pair.
MOST READ IN FABULOUSBOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes ROYALLY SWEET The Queen paid tribute to Meg when out with Kate by repeating wedding outfit BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination Exclusivescarred for life My jealous 20-stone boyfriend ripped my tongue out with his bare hands 
Meanwhile Christian Louboutin has made its first pair of BABY shoes… but they’ll set you back £190.
Lauren Goodger recently sold her £1800 Louboutin trainers, encrusted with Swarovski crystals, on a second site - with bids starting at £1.
American vlogger sadiaslayy uses a Louboutin heel to blend her make-up
 
 

