Steve Bruce could quit Aston Villa even if owner Tony Xia decides not to axe him
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6507475/aston-villa-tony-xia-steve-bruce-quit/
12th June 2018, 9:54 am
STEVE BRUCE could reportedly quit Aston Villa even if he is not sacked by owner Tony Xia.
The Championship club are teetering on the brink of administration after failing to win promotion back to the top-flight following a huge financial outlay.

News Group Newspapers Ltd3 Steve Bruce could reportedly be ready to walk away from Aston Villa
Bruce, who is still waiting to hear from the Villans’ Chinese chief since the Wembley defeat to Fulham, knows his squad is about to be decimated.
And the Daily Star claim the 57-year-old could walk out of the job on his own accord.
Former captain John Terry has already departed and Villa are desperately hoping to raise funds by selling star man Jack Grealish and defender James Chester.
And the loan deals for goalkeeper Sam Johnstone, Robert Snodgrass and Lewis Grabban have all expired and will not be turned into permanent ones due to missing out on the £200m Premier League bonanza.
Rex Features3 Villa owner Tony Xia has revealed the club is teetering on the brink of administration
Getty3 Steve Bruce knows his squad is set to be decimated over the summer
A section of the Villa Park faithful want Bruce out, but Xia would save a £1.5m pay off by sticking with the experienced manager.
However, the Star report that sources close to the ex-Manchester United defender have said they would not be surprised to see him leave.

WY, OH WY? Villa sack chief exec which could cost cash-strapped club £6m in compo

Bruce has lost both parents over recent months and the prospect of working under the huge financial restraints could be too much to bear.
He may decide to walk away without cashing in on his 12-month rolling deal and has quit Sheffield United, Crystal palace and Hull City in the past.


No.1 DESTINATION For our World Cup exclusives, gossip, action, video and fun

LATEST FOOTBALL NEWSExclusiveREDS RAID Liverpool scout Leeds whizkid Leif Davis as backup for left-back Andy Robertson CITY TRICKERS Watch how City set up Prem trophy smash prank with jokers Aguero and KDB CECH MATE Cech will make decision on future after Europa League final despite Chelsea links WIL POWER Bournemouth eye £25m Liverpool ace Harry Wilson after impressing on loan at Derby Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates Live BlogBLUES NEWS Keep up to date with all the ins and outs from Stamford Bridge 

Dream Team World Cup - Sign up to win £100k

Enter for FREE
£50m budget and 20 transfers throughout the tournament
Play to win £100k top price and a share of £175k prizepot
SIGN UP FOR DREAM TEAM WORLD CUP NOW



