Chris Coleman appointed Hebei China Fortune manager replacing Manuel Pellegrini in charge
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6494336/chris-coleman-hebei-china-fortune-manager-replacing-manuel-pellegrini/
10th June 2018, 3:23 pm
CHRIS COLEMAN has been appointed as the new manager of Chinese Super League side Hebei China Fortune.
Coleman has made the move to the Far East a month after being sacked by Sunderland following their relegation from the Championship.
1 Chris Coleman has become the new manager of Hebei China Fortune
He has agreed a two-and-a-half year deal to take over as boss of the club after Manuel Pellegrini quit to become West Ham manager.
The 48-year-old has decided the time is right to chance his luck in China having endured a disappointing spell in charge of Sunderland.
Having quit as Wales boss after he failed to lead the country to qualifying for the World Cup, Coleman was given a series of offers to manage across the world.
He eventually plumped for the role at the Stadium of Light, convinced he could revive the club's flagging fortunes and lead them back into the Premier League.
Sunderland boss Chris Coleman helps clear snow off pitch before training 
Instead he inherited a squad of players who were unable to compete even in the Championship and he struggled to make any improvements as they plunged down to League One.
With such a poor impact at Sunderland on his record, it was unlikely Coleman would be offered a quick route back into a top job in the English game.

GUARD DOWN Pep Guardiola dismisses Yaya Toure complaints he 'has a problem with Africans' as 'lies'

But it is still a surprise he has returned to management so quickly by uprooting his family and moving to China.
Hebei one of the most high profile clubs in the Chinese Super League, although they are currently only the seventh richest according to the latest ratings by Forbes.
Most read in footballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul Live BlogGUNNER sign? All the latest transfer news as it happens from the Emirates IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal 
And Coleman will inherit a squad with two former Premier League players in the shape of ex-Liverpool and Barcelona star Javier Mascherano and striker Gervinho who used to play for Arsenal.
The club have been on the look-out for a new manager since former Manchester City Premier League winner Pellegrini quit his role last month.
The Chilean decided to leave China in favour of taking over from David Moyes as manager of West Ham.
Dream Team World Cup - Sign up to win £100k

 Enter for FREE
 £50m budgetand 20 transfers throughout the tournament
 Play to win £100k top price and a share of £175k prizepot

SIGN UP FOR DREAM TEAM WORLD CUP NOW


