Manchester United ace Ander Herrera ‘would be Athletic Bilbao’s highest earner if he returns’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/6487616/manchester-united-ander-herrera-athletic-bilbao/
9th June 2018, 10:34 am
ATHLETIC BILBAO would break the bank and make Ander Herrera their highest earner to secure his return, according to reports in Spain.
The Manchester United midfielder, 28, has seen £52million Brazil ace Fred jump ahead of him in the pecking order.
PA:Empics Sport4 Ander Herrera joined United from, Bilbao in 2014
And AS claim Bilbao are prepared to offer their former star a bucketload of cash to try and tempt him back.
Herrera was United's player of the season in 2017 but has seen his influence dwindle since Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba arrived at Old Trafford.
And after Jose Mourinho landed Fred, his situation is unlikely to improve next season.
Herrera is out of contract next summer but would still stretch the La Liga outfit's coffers to the brink if they were to be able to fund a deal.
Latest Manchester United newsMaking His Marc Danny Welbeck backs England pal Marcus Rashford to shine at the World Cup Tal Order Manchester United miss out on Talisca as Brazilian makes stunning move to China GossipSAV-ING UP Arsenal join Manchester United in race for Lazio star Sergej Milinkovic-Savic on the case Casey Stoney named Manchester United Women's head coach 
Getty - Contributor4 Manchester United might want to cling on to Ander Herrera as a back-up midfielder
AFP or licensors4 The Spaniard has seen his playing time reduced under Jose Mourinho
And Mourinho could be happy to keep Herrera as cover, especially with Michael Carrick retiring and Marouane Fellaini set to leave.
The Portuguese missed out on Benfica playmaker Talisca after he made a stunning switch to the Chinese Super League.

COUNTING THE COST Juventus end Manchester United’s Douglas Costa hopes after landing £35m Bayern Munich winger

Despite being strongly tipped for a Premier League move this summer, the Brazilian has instead joined Guangzhou Evergrande on a loan deal until January 2019.
EPA4 Fred is likely to join Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba in United's first-choice midfield
New Manchester United signing Fred shows us his array of talents as a complete midfielder
The 24-year-old spent the past two seasons on loan at Turkish side Besiktas, and his fine form was believed to have attracted interest from Jose Mourinho.
However, Talisca has decided to move to the Far East instead, with Guangzhou securing his signature for the next six months.
Dream Team World Cup - Sign up to win £100k
Enter for FREE
£50m budget and 20 transfers throughout the tournament
Play to win £100k top price and a share of £175k prizepot
SIGN UP FOR DREAM TEAM WORLD CUP NOW


