Chinese billionaire, 57, dies after accidentally falling 50 feet while posing for a photo during a trip in France
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5916745/Chinas-HNA-Group-says-chairman-died-France.html
 09:12 BST, 4 July 2018 
The chairman and co-founder of Chinese conglomerate HNA Group has died following an accident during a business trip in France, the company confirmed on Wednesday.Wang Jian, aged 57, suffered 'severe injuries' in a 15 metre- (49 foot-) fall in Provence in southern France on Tuesday, according to the police.  Mr Wang, who had a net worth of US$1.7 billion (£1.3 billion) according to Forbes, was one of the key players in HNA's aggressive expansion from a regional company to the massive conglomerate it is today.
         Mr Wang, who had a net worth of 1.7 billion according to Forbes, was one of the key players in HNA's expansion from a regional company to the massive conglomerate it is today         Panoramic view of the village of Bonnieux, Provence, Luberon, France. Mr Wang Jian reportedly fell from a small wall overlooking the church on Tuesday (file photo)         HNA is the owner of Hainan Airlines, China's fourth-largest airline and the largest private airline in China. Mr Wang held 15 per cent of the group's shares (file photo)   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Woman runs herself over after accidentally putting her car...    Wild panda cub drowns in floodwaters at a Chinese nature...    'It's the eye of God!' Eerie cloud formation over a Chinese...    Chinese foodies fight tooth and claw over an opportunity to...    

Share this article
Share
31 shares

 HNA is the owner of Hainan Airlines, China's fourth-largest airline and the largest private airline in China. Mr Wang held 15 per cent of the group's shares.'He stood on the edge of a sharp drop to get his family to take a picture of him and fell,' said lieutenant-colonel Hubert Meriaux of the Vaucluse gendarmerie force. 'Witness accounts point to a likely accident,' Mr Meriaux said, adding that an autopsy would be carried out to determine the cause of death, Reuters reported.Witnesses described him falling from a small wall while travelling in the hilltop village of Bonnieux in Provence, according to Financial Times. Mr Wang graduated from the Civil Aviation University of China and received an MBA from the Maastricht School of Management in the Netherlands, according to his company. Launched in 1993 on the southern island of Hainan, HNA expanded into finance, hotels, logistics and other businesses in a multibillion-dollar global acquisition spree in recent years.          Launched in 1993 on the southern island of Hainan, HNA expanded into finance, hotels, logistics and other businesses in a multibillion-dollar global acquisition spree in recent years       The HNA group is the owner of Hainan Airlines, China's fourth-largest airline and the largest private airline in China. Its chairman died from an accident in France on Tuesday (file photo)It has acquired big stakes in major companies like Hilton Hotels and Deutsche Bank and employs more than 400,000 people worldwide. More recently, HNA has been selling some assets as Chinese regulators tighten lending controls and press companies to rein in debt. HNA agreed last year to acquire a hedge fund operated by Anthony Scaramucci, an aide to US President Donald Trump. That never received regulatory approval and the two sides called off the deal in April. 'HNA Group extends deepest condolences to Mr Wang's family and many friends,' the statement on the company's website said. The website was rendered grey in a gesture of mourning.'Together, we mourn the loss of an exceptionally gifted leader and role model, whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him, as well as for the many others whose lives he touched through his work and philanthropy.'   
