Too cute! Newborn panda cubs nap, yawn and wave in adorable gallery captured in a Chinese breeding centre
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5888043/Newborn-panda-cubs-nap-yawn-wave-adorable-gallery-captured-Chinese-breeding-centre.html
 17:06 BST, 26 June 2018 
New pictures have emerged showing adorable baby pandas playing around in their nursery in a breeding centre in Sichuan, south-west China.The youngest of them are only 11 days old and were born on June 15 at the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding, which has developed the world's largest artificial breeding population of captive pandas.The breeding centre so far has welcomed three pairs of twins this year. Giant pandas usually mate in spring and deliver their babies between the months of June, July and August.Scroll down for video          A third pair of giant pandas - also the first pair of male twins born this year - were born to first-time mother Aili on June 15         The panda twins have yet to be named by the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding after being born on June 15         The cubs were transferred into an incubator right after being delivered in a breeding centre on June 15              Aili, a first-time mother, gave birth to a pair of male cubs (pictured). She was seen nursing them as soon as they were born         When it's born, a baby panda is hairless and pink. It starts to have a black-and-white coat at around six months oldThe first pair of cubs, Mei Meng and Lan Meng, were born on May 23 to third-time mother Meng Meng, which is 11 years old. The elder sister and the younger sister weighed 149.9 grams (5.3 ounces) and 110.7 grams (3.9 ounces) respectively at birth. Keepers had to take the sisters' body temperatures every day by carefully putting them on a flat digital thermometer.In order to stop them from wiggling around on the thermometer, keepers would gently pat them on the back to calm them.As the newborns' digestive system has not developed fully, keepers also need to help them excrete.Now a little over a month old, the new images show the black and white pattern developing on their fur.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Baffled scientists on a mission to discover what gives rare...    Heart-stopping moment man clings on to little girl he caught...    Naughty boy gets trapped on a small ledge TWENTY-FOUR...    Shocking moment woman slaps a four-year-old girl for...    PE teacher punishes a 'misbehaving' pupil by grabbing him by...    Desperate search continues for missing Chinese woman, 28, as...    

Share this article
Share
435 shares

          The first pair of cubs, Mei Meng and Lan Meng, were born on May 23 to third-time mother Meng Meng, which is 11 years old         The elder sister and the younger sister weighed 149.9 grams (5.3 ounces) and 110.7 grams (3.9 ounces) respectively at birth         The baby animal was born on May 23 to 11-year-old mother Meng Meng at the panda base in Sichuan province         Now more than a month old, the new images show the black and white pattern developing on the cub's fur         A three-week-old panda cub sleeps in her incubator at the panda nursery in Chengdu, south-west ChinaSeven-year-old panda Ya Yun gave birth to the second pair of twins on June 5 - one male and one female.The first cub was born at 8:20am weighing 135.3 grams (4.8 ounces) while her brother was delivered nine minutes later at a weight of 148.8 grams (5.2 ounces). The breeding centre previously said that Ya Yun is a caring mother as she quickly picked up her newborn cubs and carefully nursed them.The cubs were transferred to an incubator moments after being delivered.The panda pair's black-and-white fur had started to be visible around their eyes, ears and neck but they remained largely pink when they were only a week old.         Seven-year-old panda Ya Yun gave birth to the second pair of twins on June 5 - one male and one female         The first cub was born at 8:20am weighing 135.3 grams (4.8 ounces) while her brother was delivered nine minutes later at a weight of 148.8 grams (5.2 ounces). The breeding centre has welcomed three pairs of panda twins this year         The panda pair's black-and-white fur had started to show around their eyes, ears and neck but they were largely pinkThe third pair - also the first pair of male twins born this year - were born to first-time mother Aili on June 15. The older brother weighed 163.8 grams (5.8 ounces) and his little brother weighed 136.5 grams (4.8 ounces).Aili was seen nursing her cubs as soon as they were born, according to a news release by the breeding centre. The mother and cubs are in good health.The two cubs have yet to be named. When it's born, a baby panda is blind, hairless and pink. It will start developing their iconic black-and-white coat at about six months old.The state-run base in Sichuan province was established in the 1980s. As of 2015, it has bred a total of 214 cubs, many of them sent to zoos around the world.According to the latest available statistics, the centre currently looks after 152 pandas. The giant panda, a symbol of China, was shifted off the endangered species list in 2016 after years of intensive conservation efforts.The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) said in a report that the animal has been classified as 'vulnerable', reflecting its growing numbers in the wild in southern China.          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1           Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-59', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
     
