Dragon Boat Festival 2018 marked in Google Doodle
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-5855975/Dragon-Boat-Festival-2018-marked-Google-Doodle.html
 11:36 BST, 18 June 2018 
The Dragon Boat Festival 2018, otherwise known as the Duanwu in Mandarin and Tuen Ng in Cantonese occurring around the time of the summer solstice, has been marked in the Google Doodle for June 18, 2018.The holiday that is observed across parts of Asia falls on the fifth day of the fifth month of the traditional Chinese calendar and ushers in a new season which is celebrated with decorated dragon boats, dumplings and drumming.Here’s everything you need to know about the Dragon Boat Festival, when it is, how to celebrate the festival, what zongzi are and how to make them.         Rowing enthusiasts participate in a dragon boat race in Hong Kong's Aberdeen HarbourWhat is the Dragon Boat Festival?The Dragon Boat Festival originates from China’s Warring States period during which conflict that lasted more than 2,000 years divided the country into several kingdoms. The holiday commemorates Qu Yuan, a poet-official and royal adviser who was exiled after trying to warn the king of impending danger.After being notified of the eventual invasion of China, Qu tried to drown himself in the Miluo River and although locals attempted to save him by paddling, beating drums to warn fish away from his body and tossing rice dumplings into the water as spiritual offerings.When is the Dragon Boat Festival?The Dragon Boat Festival is usually celebrated on the fifth day of the fifth month in the traditional Chinese calendar and marks the summer solstice.The Chinese tradition was reintroduced in 2008 after a hiatus following the Cultural Revolution between 1966 and 1976, when Chairman Mao Zedong banned traditions that were formed before his time.In 2018, the Dragon Boat Festival will be celebrated on June 18, 2018 and is a public holiday in many parts of Asia like Hong Kong and Taiwan. It is also marked in Macao, Malaysia, Singapore and elsewhere.         Participants compete during a dragon boat race in Taipei, commemorating poet Qu YuanHow to celebrate the Dragon Boat FestivalIn the run up to the festival, rowers partake in intensive training for weeks or even months before taking to the water in a canoe shaped like a giant dragon and racing to the finish line. Spectators will watch from the sidelines and eat traditional sticky rice dumplings called zongzi.In the north, these dumplings are sweet and filled with a red bean paste or taro, while in the south, the dumplings are savory with cured pork belly, sausage and mushrooms inside.Zongzi recipeKp Kwan shared her recipe for zongzi on Taste Asian Food and the version is popular among the Cantonese. Here are the steps:1. Prepare the reed leaves or bamboo leaves that will be used to wrap the rice dumplings. While fresh leaves are the best to use, dry leaves are more common so they will need to be re-hydrated before use. Boil for 30 minutes and let the leaves soak in a pot overnight until they are dark green in colour. 2. Add a tablespoon of vegetable oil into the water to prevent the glutinous rice from sticking to the leaves when wrapping. Place a bowl on top of the leaves to stop them from floating and use a high heat to reach a boil before switching to a reduced heat for the 30 minutes. Wash the leaves and snip off three centimetres from the end of every leaf.3. Cut the pork belly into 3 cm squares and marinate with soy sauce, sugar, Shaoxing wine, ground white pepper and salt overnight. Rinse the glutinous rice until the water is clear and after draining the water, mix with soy sauce and salt. Drain the water away and stir fry with vegetable oil briefly.         Rowing enthusiasts participate in a dragon boat race near Hong Kong's Aberdeen island4. While groundnuts, mung beans and black eyed peas are common lentils used for zongzi, this recipe uses mung beans. Rinse and soak the beans for an hour before stir frying for a while. Remember to remove the skin of the mung beans.5. Soak, clean and prepare the shiitake mushrooms, chestnuts, dried oysters, dried shrimps, salted duck egg yolk. Then use two leaves and place one slightly to the left, but on top of the other before folding them at the centre to form a cone. Fill the cone with rice first and then the egg yolk, pork belly, dry oyster, mung beans and mushroom before another layer of rice.6. Close the cone, press firmly to get a tight seal and secure with twine. To cook the zongzi, you will need to boil the dumplings for six hours, making sure they are submerged for all that time.What is a Google Doodle?The Google Doodle for June 18, 2018 celebrates the Dragon Boat Festival 2018 with illustrations by Cynthia Yuan Cheng.          The Google Doodle for June 18, 2018 celebrates the Dragon Boat Festival 2018Google Doodles are transformations of Google’s homepage logo in honour of events, holidays, people and accomplishments.The first Google Doodle was created back in 1998 to commemorate the Burning Man festival. Initially designed by Google co founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin, they were later created by outside contractors until the company established its own dedicated in-house team known as Doodlers to create them on a regular basis.Recent Google Doodles have celebrated the first day of the World Cup, Fureya Koral and Virginia Apgar. 


      IN OTHER NEWS...
    




11 innovations that increase digital inclusion for people with disabilities





Friends finale 15th anniversary: 18 facts you didn’t know about the last ever episode





Like a pro! Madonna’s all time top 7 live performances ahead of Billboard Music Awards show





From Dr No to Mr Big: The greatest Bond villains of all time ranked





A magical collaboration! Vans teases Harry Potter collection of shoes and clothes





Fist fights, horse manure and purple flour: 9 times House of Commons was interrupted





Everything you need to know about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s Royal Baby





From the Golden State Killer to the Ramsey Street Rapist: 10 cold cases cracked open by DNA testing kits





Avengers Assemble...in April: These TWELVE Marvel actors all celebrate birthdays this month





Think carefully! Not all is as it seems on this tricky logic quiz and only the gifted can get 10/10





Running out of time! Stunning gallery showcases the rarest animals on the planet for Earth Day





InGINious! Aldi is launching a £10 glittery gin that tastes like PARMA VIOLETS





You can now buy 'venomous' hot sauce that mimics the effect of a spider bite





Egg-cellent! You can earn as much as £45 per HOUR hunting for Cadbury white Crème Eggs





You Marmite want to hurry! Papa John’s is releasing a MARMITE-stuffed crust pizza but only for a short time





Are YOU smart enough to score at least 10/15 on this incredibly tricky quiz?





A slice of the action! Bargain deal means you can get £25 worth of Domino's for just £3.75!





NHS marks National No Smoking Day with advice and tips on how to quit smoking





Sainsbury’s is releasing special £5 Easter egg made entirely out of CHEESE





Morrisons is bringing back its incredible £10 meat box containing more than TWO KILOS of pork and beef for this week only





  DM.later('bundle', function () {
    if (!window.addedArticlesByAuthorsResizeListener) {
      window.addedArticlesByAuthorsResizeListener = true;
      var instances = document.querySelectorAll('[data-mol-fe-articles-by-authors]');

      for (var x = 0; x < instances.length; x++) {
        var element = instances[x];
        DM.molFeDotDotDot.truncateTextSelector(element, '[data-dotdotdot]');
        DM.molFeDotDotDot.addResizeTruncateListener(element, '[data-dotdotdot]');
      }
    }
  });
   
