'See you in court!' Trump facing new legal action after his bid to save Chinese jobs is linked to a development project in Indonesia that will profit his family business
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5731639/Trump-facing-new-legal-action-bid-save-Chinese-jobs-linked-business.html
 20:05 BST, 15 May 2018 
Donald Trump's newfound desire to help save Chinese jobs has critics of the former real estate mogul alleging that the president is acting in the interests of his family business.The revelation that the Chinese government extended a $500 million loan to a state-owned company pursuing a major development project in Indonesia that will benefit the Trump Organization has ethics experts warning that Trump is likely in violation of the Emoluments Clause of the U.S. Constitution.'See you in court Mr. Trump,' tweeted Norm Eisen, the chief ethics officer under Barack Obama.         Donald Trump's newfound desire to help save Chinese jobs has critics of the former real estate mogul alleging that the president is acting in the interests of his family businessEisen and others rained criticism down on Trump for dictating that his Commerce Department look at alternatives to a supplier ban for a Chinese telecommunications company that the U.S. punished for doing business with North Korea and Iran in violation of U.S. sanctions on the rogue nations.Trump says he ordered the review because of a personal pitch from Chinese President Xi Jinping. Easing penalties on the firm, ZTE, would help to grease the skids for a trade agreement with China, Trump tweeted.He this morning tweeted, 'Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S., for many years. Stay tuned!'  Eisen suggested in a tweet that Trump appeared to be pursuing a deal with China to boost his own business interests after the South China Morning Post reported Beijing's loan to aid in the development of MNC Lido City.Trump's company has hotels bearing the president's name and a golf course wrapped up in the project.'This is a violation of the Emoluments Clause. A big one. See you in court Mr. Trump,' he tweeted.Rep. Adam Schiff, a California Democrat and constant thorn in the side of the president, said Tuesday on CNN's New Day that the president's desire to help ZTE 'could be related to China doing him this huge business favor,' although he allowed that it could be that Trump is desperate for a nuclear deal with North Korea now that he's left the Iran accord.  'The president now needs a deal with North Korea more than Kim Jong-un,' Schiff asserted.The lawmaker said that Trump may recognize that if he's too tough on trade with China that Xi won't be as helpful with Kim, 'and then he'll end up with two nuclear problems.''I certainly view this as a violation of the Emoluments Clause, yes, and many others, as well,' he added of Trump's company's overseas dealings.Schiff specified that he was talking about other ethical issues he's observed such as 'the constant milking of the federal government, when the federal government when Trump requires the government to patronize Trump-related businesses.'He brought up the $150,000 spent by Secret Service on golf carts at Trump properties to protect the president while he's playing with friends at his courses the Trump Organization owns. 'That's obscene! That should never be permitted,' he said. 'It should never be permitted that there's even a question about whether this foreign transaction is driving U.S. policy. And this is exactly what the Emoluments clause is designed to prevent.'Schiff claimed that when Trump nearly abandoned the one-China policy, Beijing gave Ivanka Trump's brand the trademarks it had been long been fighting to obtain.'I can guarantee you China would not have given those brands if Donald Trump had followed through on his campaign commitment to not recognize one China,' Schiff charged. 'Similarly here, I can't imagine China going forward with this transaction helping a Trump-branded property in Indonesia to the tune of half a billion if the president continued the sanctions on ZTE. Just hard to imagine.'  Trump said yesterday that he was asking Commerce to review the penalties on ZTE after it announced that it would shudder U.S operations entirely. Commerce had said that ZTE would be shunned for seven years in the U.S.'ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi,' Trump said on Monday.           Trump defended his decision to revisit penalties for Chinese company ZTE for flouting U.S. sanctions on trade with Iran, saying the telecom maker is a big buyer for U.S. suppliers         He has faced backlash from both Republican and Democratic lawmakers after he pledged to work with Chinese President Xi Jinping to help ZTE, saying too many jobs in China had been lost          ZTE said on May 6, 2018 it applied to the U.S. Commerce Department to suspend a seven-year ban on doing business with U.S. technology exporters         Shares of ZTE suppliers rose after Trump's pledges to help ZTE. Acacia Communications Inc, an optical component maker, jumped nearly 9 percent       ZTE contributed $2.3 billion to the U.S. economy by purchasing components of its devices from 211 U.S. exporters in 2017, a ZTE official told Reuters, accounting for 25 to 30 percent of the purchases the company makes to produce its smartphones and other products. 'ZTE did do some inappropriate things ... the question is are there alternative remedies to the ones we had originally put forward and that's the area we will be exploring very, very promptly,' Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said Monday at a National Press Club event.Trump in a Sunday tweet first indicated that Commerce would pursue alternative punishments for ZTE.'President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast,' he said. 'Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!'He said in a follow up message, 'China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool, it will all work out!'Trump administration officials handling trade and economic policy were meeting on Tuesday with Chinese Vice Premier Liu to discuss the president's threat to put as much as $150 billion in tariffs on Chinese products over intellectual property violations and dumping. He has separately introduced worldwide tariffs on foreign  steel and aluminum in a move that was meant to hit China where it hurts.                  The U.S. intelligence community was caught flat-footed, Reuters reported, when Trump said he would potentially cut ZTE a break. Intelligence agencies have been warning that the Chinese company could be using its smartphones to spy on U.S. citizens and the federal government.Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House's intelligence panel, cautioned Trump Sunday, 'Our intelligence agencies have warned that ZTE technology and phones pose a major cyber security threat. You should care more about our national security than Chinese jobs.'And Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, a member of the upper chamber's intel committee, moved Monday to keep the federal government or its subsidiaries or contractors from purchasing communications equipment from ZTE.GOP leader in the Senate John Cornyn and reliable Trump ally Tom Cotton co-signed a previous version of the legislation.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Hillary Clinton says President Trump does not deserve Nobel...    'Be cool, it will all work out!' Trump insists the US and...    Trump's national security advisor says 'it's possible' U.S....    'We must stop it - it is insidious': Hillary Clinton warns...    

Share this article
Share
215 shares

 Under questioning from Cotton about ZTE and another company, Huawei, in February, FBI Director Christopher Wray said the bureau is 'deeply concerned about the risks of allowing any company or entity that is beholden to foreign governments that does not share our values to gain positions of power inside our telecommunications networks. 'That provides the capacity to exert pressure or control over our telecommunications infrastructure. It provides the capacity to maliciously modify or steal information, and it provides the capacity to conduct undetected espionage,' he said.'So, at a 100,000 foot level, at least in this setting, those are the kind of things that worry us.'Rubio, Cornyn and Cotton's legislation would prevent the U.S. government from buying or leasing equipment Huawei, the largest Chinese telecom maker, as well as ZTE.'I hope this isn't the beginning of backing down to China,' Rubio said on Twitter after Trump's latest announcement. 'We are crazy to allow them to operate in U.S. without tighter restrictions.'       The White House said Trump wanted Ross to look at the issue 'consistent with applicable laws and regulations' after Chinese officials raised the matter in various talks.'He's been tough,'Deputy Press Secretary Raj Shah said. 'I mean this President has taken China to task for its unfair trade practices through this Section 301 investigation.'Shah rested his case on the proposed $150 billion of tariffs on China for intellectual property and trade violations that Trump has threatened. 'So he's been tough and he's confronted them,' Shah argued. 'But on this issue specifically, he's asked the Secretary of Commerce to take a look at it. The president's spokesman told reporters, 'This is part of a very complex relationship between the United States and China that involves economic issues, national security issues, and the like.'It's an issue of high concern for China that's been raised with the U.S. -- with the U.S. government and with our administration at various levels,' he acknowledged.       
