Ex-CIA officer accused of spying for China and sharing classified information is expected to plead guilty
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-6979441/Ex-CIA-officer-accused-spying-China-expected-plead-guilty.html
 06:50 BST, 1 May 2019 
         Ex-CIA agent Jerry Chun Shing Lee, 53, is expected to plead guilty on Wednesday to spying for China in a change-of-plea hearingA former CIA officer accused of spying for China is scheduled to plead guilty to conspiring to divulge U.S. secrets.Jerry Chun Shing Lee, 53, is expected to plead guilty at a change-of-plea hearing on Wednesday in Alexandria, Virginia, according to court filings. The naturalized U.S. citizen, who lives in Hong Kong, was an agent for the CIA for 13 years from 1994 to 2007. He served as an overseas case officer where his primary duty was to 'recruit clandestine human intelligence sources'.  Lee pleaded not guilty last year to charges of conspiring to deliver defense information to a foreign government. He's accused of illegally possessing classified information and leaking it to Chinese intelligence. He was arrested in New York in January 2018 for possessing that information in two handwritten notebooks including the names and phone numbers of covert CIA employees and informants. Then he was indicted by a federal grand jury on an additional count of espionage last May. Prosecutors say two Chinese intelligence officers in Shenzhen, China offered to pay Lee for information in 2010. They promised to take care of him for life financially if he cooperated and an immediate cash gift of $100,000.          Hong Kong media have identified former CIA agent Lee as the man on the right in a blue tieAfter that meeting Lee's Chinese contacts delivered more than 20 envelopes between 2010 to 2011 spelling out specific tasks for him to perform, most of which asked him to reveal sensitive information.  He allegedly continued to receive instructions from them until at least the following year.  The indictment states that Lee traveled to China in July 2012. The next month, on a trip from Hong Kong to the U.S., the indictment says he was carrying top secret information in his luggage, including the real names of CIA assets.Court records show that Lee was under investigation for more than five years leading up to his arrest in January 2018.Since then, the case has proceeded largely in secrecy with closed hearings and sealed court motions pertaining to classified information. A trial that had been scheduled to begin Tuesday was wiped off the docket last week, an indication that a plea deal might be in the works.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Scammer used the photo of a WNBC sports anchor to fool...    Protesters gather across the globe for rallies and 'watch...    

Share this article
Share

          Lee was an agent for the CIA for 13 years from 1994 to 2007. He's accused of leaking information to the Chinese starting in 2010 His lawyer, Edward MacMahon, declined comment when asked to provide any details on the plea agreement. The investigation into Lee was a part of a FBI-CIA task force investigation that concluded that the Chinese government penetrated the CIA's method of clandestine communication with its spies, according to NBC. The Chinese then used that knowledge to arrest and execute at least 20 CIA informants, according to several U.S. government officials.  Lee's plea comes as another ex-CIA officer is awaiting sentencing after being convicted of spying for China. Kevin Mallory of Leesburg, Virginia, was convicted of providing top secret information to Chinese handlers in exchange for $25,000. Prosecutors are seeking a life sentence for Mallory, while defense lawyers are requesting a term of no longer than 10 years. 
