Explorers discover Asia's longest cave that stretches 148 miles and was formed 100 million years ago
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5544973/Researchers-discover-Asias-longest-cave-148-miles.html
 14:03 BST, 26 March 2018 
A massive cavern system in China has been found to be the longest known cave in Asia.The Shuanghe Cave, situated in south-west China's Guizhou Province, measures 148 miles (238.48 kilometers) in length, which is nearly the distance between London and Manchester.The impressive limestone formation has overtaken the 137-mile-long (222-kilometre-long) Clearwater Cave in Malaysia to be the longest of its kind in Asia, said French cave researcher Jean Bottazzi who led a recent exploration.          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1           Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-17', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
              The Shuanghe Cave in China has overtaken the 137-mile-long Clearwater Cave in Malaysia to be the longest of its kind in Asia. The picture shows researchers exploring the impressive limestone chambers in south-west China's Guizhou Province in 2016         Five underground rivers and 118 branches have been found so far inside the limestone labyrinth. Picture taken in 2016         After a recent exploration, researchers have found invaluable fossils of extinct species inside the cave. Picture taken in 2016   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Watch the pecker! Painful moment pup winces after duck races...    Chinese zookeeper is suspended after brutally beating an...    The world's most NAIL-BITING U-turn! Tanker driver's rear...    Horrifying moment pedestrians are sent flying after a pipe...    China urges US to 'stop economic intimidation' over tariffs    Chinese Korean war dead set to return home    

Share this article
Share
84 shares

 Previously, the cave was thought to be 124 miles long (200 kilometres), but a 15-day survey this year discovered a further 24 miles (38.48 kilometres) of the limestone maze, according to Chinese news site Global Times. The exploration was carried out by a team of 13 experts from around the world, according to the report.So far, researchers have discovered 143 chambers inside the 'extremely complex' labyrinth, among which 56 are interconnected. Five underground rivers and 118 branches have also been found.The findings were announced at a press conference in China on March 24.               Researchers have carried out 20 expeditions into the 'extremely complex' cavern system since 1987. Pictures taken in 2016         The enormous system was thought to be 124 miles long, but experts have surveyed a further 24 miles. Pictures taken in 2016The cave is believed to be formed around 100 million years ago during the Cretaceous Period. Researchers said they had discovered invaluable fossils of extinct species inside it.Li Po, a researcher from Guizhou Academy of Sciences, added that the exploration efforts could shed light on the climate condition at the time, therefore provide a possible clue to understand future climate change.The Shuanghe Cave, also known as the Two Rivers Cave, has been explored by researchers since 1987. It was turned into a national geological park by Chinese authority in 2004.Although the Shuanghe Cave is massive, it's just a bit over one-third of the size of the world's longest known cave.Mammoth Cave, located in Kentucky in USA, ranges a whopping 400 miles (643 kilometres), which is nearly the distance between London and Frankfurt.         Researchers believe the cave was formed around 100 million years ago and could help them understand climate change         The Shuanghe Cave is situated in south-west China's Guizhou Province, a region known for its karst landscape
