Ex-CIA officer accused of being a Chinese spook and helping dismantle US spying operations in the country is charged after being 'found with two notebooks containing classified information'
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5277449/Ex-CIA-officer-charged-keeping-classified-information.html
 02:16 BST, 17 January 2018 
A former CIA officer accused of spying for China and helping dismantle US spy operations in that country has been arrested and charged after he was allegedly found with two notebooks full of classified information, including details about US informants and locations of covert facilities.Jerry Chun Shing Lee, also known as Zheng Cheng, was arrested Monday night at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, the Department of Justice announced.He's been charged with illegally retaining classified records, but sources familiar with the situation told the New York Times that the 53-year-old ex-CIA employee is suspected of helping the Chinese government identify US informants in that country.         A former CIA officer allegedly had two notebooks containing classified CIA information, including the real names and phone numbers of informants and the locations of covert facilities.          Jerry Chun Shing Lee, 53, was arrested at JFK International Airport on Monday and was charged with illegally retaining classified records Lee worked for the CIA from 1994 to 2007 as a case officer.According to a court affidavit, the FBI seized two small notebooks from Lee in 2012 while he was traveling from Hong Kong to Virginia with his family.During a search of Lee's possessions, the FBI found that the books contained handwritten notes of the real names and phone numbers of covert CIA informants and agents, as well as the addresses of covert CIA facilities, it is claimed.Many of the US informants were either imprisoned or killed after the Chinese government took down the CIA's spying operation starting in 2010.Over a two year period, nearly 20 CIA sources were executed or jailed, the New York Times reports.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Moby claims friends in the CIA asked him to share details of...    Accused 9/11 masterminds say physical groin searches at...    

Share this article
Share

          Lee made an initial appearance Tuesday in federal court in New York, but will face charges in northern Virginia, where the CIA is located. Pictured is an aerial view of the CIA building The tragedy was labeled as one of the government's worst intelligence breaches in recent years, and unraveled the informant network in China. Lee was suspected of being at the center of it, although he previously denied being a spy during an interview with the FBI.   Lee, a resident of Hong Kong and naturalized US citizen, made  an initial appearance Tuesday in federal court in New York, but will face charges in northern Virginia, where the CIA is located. 
