Chinese flight attendant is suspended after video emerges showing her eating 'leftover' in-flight meals on board 'for entertainment'
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5159231/Air-hostess-eats-leftover-meal-entertainment.html
 10:23 BST, 8 December 2017 
A flight attendant is suspended after being filmed eating leftover meals on an Urumqi Air flight en route to north-central China.Mobile phone footage emerged online showing an air hostess eating from a row of 15 leftover meal boxes at the catering section.Urumqi Air issued statements over the past two days and confirmed that the air hostess filmed her action for 'entertaining purposes'.       According to Beijing News, the video clip was filmed on a Urumqi Air flight about 45 minutes before landing in Yinchuan Airport at Ningxia Autonomous Region on November 30.The flight attendant can be seen eating at least one of the 15 opened meals on board. It's said that the meals were the leftovers and had not been eaten by passengers.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Angry Taiwanese politician throws flasks of water at his...    Don't let that fish get away! Man chases after his fishing...    Woman is mowed down by a car after walking into an automated...    Driving motorists crazy! Ten-lane road in China is forced to...    

Share this article
Share
20 shares

 As the video being posted on Weibo, a Twitter-like social media platform, Urumqi Air issued a statement on December 7 in response to the incident.'We confirmed that the air hostess shown in the video to be one of our employees at Urumqi Air. The flight attendant had been handling the leftovers accordingly and had seriously violated our company's regulations.'              Footage emerges online showing an air hostess eating from a row of 15 meal boxes on flight (left). She can be seen eating from one of them only (right)               The incident is said to be happened 45 minutes before the flight lands in Yinchuan (left). The air hostess is now suspended as Urumqi Air carries out more in-depth investigation (right)Urumqi Air had suspended the air hostess's duties and started a full-on investigation into the matter.It's known that the air hostess was filming her action for entertaining purposes. The low-budget, domestic airline company posted a claimant hours later, stating the in-flight food safety regulations that all remaining and uneaten food should be recycled.The incident had caused a wide discussions on Weibo as some believed the punishment was too harsh.'It happened after the passengers have eaten, then what's wrong for not letting to have a bite? She is just hungry after all,' said 'siyueruesile'.         Domestic flight company Urumqi Air said uneaten meals should be collected and recycled'There is no need to suspend her job for having a bite of food from the leftovers. Don't be too harsh on your employees, Urumqi Air!' commented 'Aerozwc'.But there are web users saying that rules are meant to be set for employees.'Although this is not a serious incident, the flight attendant should at least follow the rules given out by the company. Otherwise, how can the company guarantee their customers a satisfied service?' said 'bonaukou'.'How about the flight attendant who filmed this? Is he or she getting any punishment as well? Urumqi Air, you have to be fair!' asked 'STlele'. 
