An a-MAIZE-ing building! Chinese farmer builds a traditional house with 30,000 corn cobs
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/peoplesdaily/article-5080833/Chinese-farmer-builds-village-house-30-000-corn-cobs.html
 15:07 BST, 14 November 2017 
There is much more to see other than Siberian tigers and ice sculptures in northern China this winter.A farmer used 30,000 corn cobs to build a traditional village house in Erhe, Shulan county at Jilin Province, turning the area to a popular tourist spot.Amazing video and pictures emerged online showing a house, a water wheel, a stone mill and a fence around the yard that made with golden-coloured corn cobs.          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1           Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-17', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
              Farmer Liu Hongcai built a traditional northeastern village house out of 30,000 corn cobs in half a month          It's so insta-worthy! A 12-metre-long house is built by thousands of golden corn cobs that were harvested in northeast ChinaPeople's Daily Online posted a video on Facebook showing a yellow-hued house covered by snow. However, the house was not equipped with any furniture inside.Farmer Liu Hongcai spent 10,000 yuan (£1,150) to buy 30,000 corn cobs to create his own paradise.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       A nursery for BABY TIGERS! Heart-melting footage shows rare...    Christian followers in China are urged to 'replace pictures...    Puppy love! Adorable golden retriever refuses to let his...    Horrifying moment man brutally slaps his young granddaughter...    What an exit! Driver's embarrassing attempt to reverse out...    'That's why they call him the Doctor': Cunning thief caught...      Share this article Share 92 shares   The house was designed on the basis of an ordinary northeastern villager's house.'I built one last year and it became web users' hot discussion topic. This year, I want to let the tourists to experience how the northeastern people live, so I had a designer to help me out with the settings,' Liu said.Mr Liu also asked 14 villagers to help out and spent half a month to build the house and the yard and the house was completed on November 8.         Corn on the water wheel! Liu said to build the house to let tourists to understand the north-easterner's lifestyle         Liu said all the corn cobs are specially picked, at an identical length of 20 centimetres long and with a straight figure         Pictures emerged online showing the whole architecture is glowing in the snow due to the corn cobs's golden yellow colourThe house measures 12 metres long (39 feet) and four metres wide (13 feet).All the decorations are built based on a one-to-one ratio. According to KK News, all the corn cobs are specially picked and they are of similar size - 20 centimetres long (7.9 inches) with a straight, rich body.Each corn cobs are carefully attached together by strings and formed shapes of the house, the water wheel, and more.To maintain the decoration at its best shape, Mr Liu and the villagers make sure the strings did not cut through the corn when they hold it up.'I want to give the tourists, especially the ones from the southern part of China, an eye-opening experience,' he said.           Liu and his neighbours had to carefully tie the corn cobs around and align them that it would not cut the corn in half         Last year, Mr Liu built a corn cob house and pictures had been circulating on Chinese social media          This year, Mr Liu's spends £1,150 to buy 30,000 corn cobs and build more features around the house, including this little hut
