Trump to play America's salesman-in-chief as he takes top CEOs to banquet with China's leaders in the hope of cancelling out 'colossal' trade deficit
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5047957/Trump-invites-CEOs-banquet-China-s-leaders.html
 19:41 BST, 3 November 2017 
When President Trump arrives in Beijing to make an aggressive trade push for American exports to China, he'll bring more than his negotiating reputation.The White House has invited at least 29 bigwigs to join him at a state banquet on November 9, including CEOs from the financial, technology, energy, aerospace, agriculture and chemical sectors.Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf, Cheniere Energy CEO Jack Fusco and Air Products CEO Seifollah Ghasemi will be there.So will Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO Kevin McAllister, DowDuPont Executive Chairman Andrew Liveris, U.S. Soybean Export Council Chairman Jim Miller and Air Products CEO Seifollah Ghasemi.Alaska Governor Bill Walker is also on the guest list, according to CNBC.         President Donald Trump will take more than two dozen business titans when he is feted at a state banquet in China next Thursday, including CEOs from the financial, technology, energy, aerospace, agriculture and chemical sectors              Goldman Sachs Group Inc. chairman and CEO Lloyd Blankfein (left) and Qualcomm Inc. CEO Steve Mollenkopf (right) will be among Trump's guests in Beijing as he pushes for new trade deals         Alaska Governor Bill Walker is also on the guest list, according to CNBCThe network obtained a banquet attendance list submitted to China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.The business titans and corporate dealmakers are making the trip to engineer trade agreements that will chip away at the trade deficit the U.S. has with China.The White House chose to invite executives from companies that are prepared to announce 'done deals' to export products to China.'The Chinese are always willing to play ball with regard to concrete purchases," said Bruce Hirsh, principal at Tailwind Global Strategies and a former official at the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative during the Obama, George W. Bush and Clinton administrations.'The bigger question is whether they're willing to deal with broader trade problems,' he told CNBC.Senior White House officials have told reporters that Trump is intent on re-balancing what he calls a 'colossal' trade imbalance with Beijing.              Cheniere Energy CEO Jack Fusco (right) and Air Products CEO Seifollah Ghasemi (left) are part of the Trump delegation         Trump embarked Friday on a long swing through Asia, including stops in Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Trump 'could trigger a trade war' with China if he presses...    Trump hits the road for 11 days in crisis-torn Asia as he...    

Share this article
Share

 In 2016 that deficit stood at $347 billion; American exports to China amounted to just $116 billion, while the U.S. imported $463 billion worth of goods.The president said Wednesday at the White House that 'we have trade deficits with China that are through the roof. They're so big and so bad that it's embarrassing saying what the number is.'In an Oct. 30 briefing with reporters, China's ambassador to the United States said he was optimistic that both countries would benefit from any new trade deals.'I think the two teams have already spent a lot of time and a lot of energy on' economic and trade cooperation, Ambassador Cui Tiankai said. 'I am confident that there will be a significant outcome, or what we call deliverables, on the economic and trade front.'  ALL THE PRESIDENT'S (BUSINESS)MEN   CNBC obtained a list of business-oriented guests the White House is inviting to a Nov. 9 state banquet in ChinaSeifollah Ghasemi, chairman, president & CEO, Air ProductsKeith Meyer, president, Alaska Gasline Development Corp. (AGDC)Gov. Bill Walker, state of AlaskaDonald Chen, president, Asia-Pacific, Archer Daniels Midland Co.Daniel Revers, managing partner, Arclight Capital Partners LLCMitch Snyder, president & CEO, Bell Helicopter, Textron Inc.Kevin McAllister, president and chief executive officer, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, The Boeing Co.Jack Fusco, president and chief executive officer, Cheniere Energy Inc.Timothy Tangredi, president & CEO, Dais Analytic Corp.Frederick Jones, chairman and chief executive officer, Delfin Midstream LLCAndrew Liveris, executive chairman, DowDuPontLuka Erceg, president & CEO, Drylet LLCDavid Messer, CEO, Freepoint Commodities LLCJohn Rice, president & CEO, GE Global Growth OrganizationShane Tedjarati, president, High Global Growth, HoneywellVance Hum, president and chief executive officer, I.M. Systems Group Inc.Theodore Walker, CEO, Worldwide Property & Casualty, Partner Reinsurance Company of the United StatesSteve Mollenkopf, CEO, Qualcomm Inc.Nick Lisi, executive vice president, SASKevin Smith, CEO, SolarReserveLi Zhao, country representative, Stine Seed Co.John Garrison, president & CEO, Terex Corp.Langtry Meyer, founder & chief operating officer, Texas LNG Brownsville LLCPaul Doherty, president and CEO, The Digit Group Inc.Gianluca Pettiti, president, Thermo Fisher Scientific ChinaJim Miller, chairman, U.S. Soybean Export CouncilPaul Koenig, CEO, ViromentJose Emeterio Gutierrez Elso, president & CEO, Westinghouse Electric Co. LLCLloyd Blankfein, chief executive officer, Goldman Sachs          
