Stunning 'cloud waterfall' is caught on camera rolling down a mountain in China
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5043351/Cloud-waterfall-caught-camera-rolling-mountain.html
 15:58 BST, 2 November 2017 
A beautiful and rare cloud waterfall has been caught on camera in a mountainous forest region of China.The clouds rolled spectacularly down a mountainside in Shennongjia Forest District in central China's Hubei Province. The weather phenomenon requires extremely stable air conditions followed by heavy rainfall over a plateau surrounded by mountains in order to take place. And Shennongjia, a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2016, provided the ideal situation for the cloud waterfall to form.       The stunning formations are also known as 'orographic clouds' and they develop when air is forced upwards by the earth's topography - as it is by mountains in this case.When stable air encounters a mountain, it is lifted upward and cools as it rises.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Unemployed Romanian man who went out drinking at his village...    Russian hackers who got Hillary's emails targeted thousands...      Mother-of-two, 39, beat up air hostess and vowed to 'rip her...    

Share this article
Share

 Water vapor can then condense and becomes visible as a cloud.When it reaches the mountain top, the air is heavier than the environment and will sink down the other side, warming as it descends. But the air does not stop when it returns to its original height because it now has momentum pushing it down.         She's a waterfall: The beautiful and rare cloud formation was caught on camera in a mountainous forest region of China, which is also known for rare, endangered species         The clouds rolled spectacularly down a mountainside in Shennongjia Forest District in central China's Hubei Province. Shennongjia has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2016The air becomes warmer than the surroundings as it descends and it begins to accelerate back up towards its original height which begins the cycle again.Chinese tourist authorities took the opportunity to film the scene and set it to some majestic choral music to promote the area, which also receives millions of visitors annually. Luckily the sight in China lasted for several hours, allowing plenty of time for filming. Shennongjia, which is also a nature reserve, is known for its trove of rare species, with the endangered golden snub-nosed monkey among them.         The weather phenomenon requires extremely stable air conditions followed by heavy rainfall over a plateau surrounded by mountains in order to take place         Chinese tourist authorities took the opportunity to film the scene and set it to some majestic choral music to promote the area, which also receives millions of visitors annuallyThe tallest peak in the reserve is the 10,190-foot Mount Shennong, named in honour of a farming deity in local lore. The nature reserve is a '5A' scenic spot, which is the top of the China Tourism Administration's five-tier rating system. Other 5A attractions include such places as Beijing's Forbidden Palace, the Summer Palace, and the Badaling section of the Great Wall, while outside of the capital the Shanghai Wild Animal Park and the Terracotta Warriors and Horses Museum also made the cut. 
