Did Chinese spies silence Radio 4's Today programme? Correspondent is cut off live on air as she delivers report on security for crucial Beijing conference
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4988482/Did-Chinese-spies-silence-Radio-4-s-Today-programme.html
 12:20 BST, 17 October 2017 
         The BBC's China editor Carrie Gracie, 55, was speaking to Radio 4's Today programme ahead of the country's Communist Party conference tomorrowA British journalist believes her live report on security for the crucial Beijing conference was cut off by Chinese spies.The BBC's China editor Carrie Gracie, 55, was speaking to Radio 4's Today programme ahead of the country's Communist Party conference tomorrow.She was explaining the extremely strict security measure that had been put in place.But then moments later, the feed had cut off and disappointed presenter John Humphrys was forced to apologise.Ms Gracie spoke briefly about the fact drivers have faced waits to get into the city as security has ramped up ahead of the fanfare around Xi Jinping arriving for the conference, which happens twice in a decade.She said: It's not like any party conference anyone in the UK is familiar with. There's no disco, fringe groups, there's no rock anthem to greet the leader's speech.'This is the backbone of China's authoritarian system, 2,000 officials in total and it's absolutely holding it's breath, Beijing.'For example, no live flames in restaurants in Central Beijing, there are no AirBnb guests, there are 90 minute waits for drivers trying to drive into the city because of security checks.'Scroll down for video    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       'He's a fat, f***ing liar': Families of fallen soldiers slam...    'Are you a 50-year-old teacher?': Super-slim Holly...    Last Concorde's final ride: Supersonic jet's first...    Harvey Weinstein thinks he is only ‘momentarily toxic’ and...    

Share this article
Share
19 shares

 She also said that because of negative reaction, authorities shut down the comment section on the transport system's website. Mr Humphrys replied: 'Good heavens. So they are doing this because they are afraid of what exactly?'Oh she's gone. What a shame. What an interesting story about what is happening in Beijing.'       Later in the programme, Ms Gracie was back on the line and suggested she had been cut off due to the sensitive topic she was discussing. Mr Humphrys asked: 'You were telling me about the huge security measures that were in place and then suddenly you were cut off, vanished… There couldn't have been a connection could there?'She replied: 'I think there could.'Of course we can't say for certain, John, but I would observe that a lot of phone calls recently have been cut off as soon as we are talking about anything sensitive.       Residents pass by a board with the words 'Welcome the 19th Congress' on the streets of Beijing, China'The Chinese Communist state is increasingly sophisticated when it comes to all of this of course, it has big private tech giants in its tech sector and it co-opts them to a very large degree.  'In fact that is one the biggest stories in China right now: the control by the party of what is supposed to be private. These big sophisticated, tech giants are now being deployed to deal with the censorship demands of the Chinese state on an ever closer and more detailed level.'We probably know already that our TV work that we do in China is largely blacked out, Chinese audiences can't watch it. Censorship of all kinds is growing here.  'The international media is under heavy pressure too, naturally'.        A visitor poses near a photo of Chinese President Xi Jinping at an exhibition highlighting China's achievements under five years of Xi's leadership at the Beijing Exhibition HallHaving bested his rivals, Chinese President Xi Jinping is primed to consolidate his already considerable power as the ruling Communist Party begins its twice-a-decade national congress tomorrow.From meetings largely cloaked in secrecy, powerful players will emerge publicly in new roles, and Xi will address the nation to lay out his political and economic vision for the world's second-largest economy over the next five years. Villages will broadcast news of the congress over loudspeakers, a security crackdown has been extended and monitoring of dissidents strengthened.Xi, who is expected to get a second five-year term as party leader at the gathering, will kick off events with an address indicating whether his personal political theory will be entered into the party constitution alongside those of predecessors such as Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping. The honor was bestowed much later in office for most other leaders. 
