Driving above the clouds: Spectacular footage shows China's £170 million record-breaking bridge built over a whopping 1,100ft drop
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/china/article-4924536/Footage-shows-China-s-170-million-record-breaking-bridge.html
 14:12 BST, 27 September 2017 
China is always pushing its architectural limits higher and higher. The Aizhai Bridge is a steel, suspension bridge located deep in the heart of China's Hunan Province.Dubbed 'the most beautiful bridge in the world' by media, the gigantic structure is captured in its full splendor in a recent video footage by New China TV.The bridge's impressive statistics are in the prestigious Guinness world book of records for the highest and longest valley suspension bridge in the world, with a main span of 1,176 metres (3,858 feet) and a deck height of 336 metres (1,102 feet).          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1           Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-17', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
              Impressive statistics: Aizhai is the world's highest and longest tunnel-to-tunnel bridge and key development for central China         Spectacular views: Aizhai bridge lies beneath a mountainous green valley known as Dehang canyonThe grey-and-orange steel construction links two tunnels that connect the major cities of Chadong and Jishou via a four-lane expressway (two lanes in each direction) and cuts driving time from approximately four hours down to less than one hour. Work started on the engineering achievement almost ten years ago back in October 2007 and was completed by the end of 2011, ahead of schedule.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Middle Kingdom: China's most popular social media app...    Chinese Communist Party organises blind dates for 100...    Are pupils in China too fat? Concerns grow over obesity rate...    Now THAT'S a hard shoulder! Lorry driver and motorway worker...    Touching moment a policewoman BREASTFEEDS a suspect's hungry...    Hiss greedy! Stomach-churning moment a python regurgitates a...      Share this article Share 111 shares   The bridge was temporarily opened to pedestrians during the busy 2012 Spring Festival and was formally opened to traffic in March 2012.To most everyday Chinese people, it is just one really high bridge and another symbolic icon of Chinese architectural wonder, in line with the spirit of China's rapid development.          Sky high: The bridge is a key section of Jishou-Chadong Expressway and reduces driving time from 4 hours down to 1 hour          Bright shine: Aizhai is lit at night, thanks to its 1,888 lights and pedestrians are lucky to be able to use the panoramic walkwayThe construction cost  £170 million to build and the masterpiece is seen as a key investment in the region to help ease traffic in the mountainous province, where queues are common due to the narrow, steep and winding roads. AIZHAI BRIDGE AT A GLANCE:   Deck height: 336m (1,102ft) above the Dehang Canyon.Suspension bridge has a tower to tower main span of 1,176m (3,858 ft)Total length of 1,534m (5,033ft).Start date: October, 2007 Completion date: March, 2012SSource:  Guinness World Records  It has a four-lane highway and for those pedestrians who aren't scared of heights they can use the panoramic walkway and is famously lit up at night with 1,888 lights, using a special path. The bridge is famous for the spectacular view it offers those crossing it as it lies beneath a lush, green valley known as Dehang canyon. 
