Life in the fast lane no more! Family who have lived in the middle of a road for 14 YEARS finally agree to sell up their home to the property developer
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4895498/Family-lived-road-14-years-agree-lastly.html
 16:57 BST, 18 September 2017 
A Chinese family have finally agreed to sell up their house after living in the middle of a road since 2004.Mr Xu, 87, and his eight family members waved goodbye to their house in suburban Shanghai on September 15 after the developer agreed to give them four new flats and 2.3 million yuan (£260,000) last month.The three-storey building was demolished in just 90 minutes by workers earlier today.          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1           Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-17', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
              You'll have to build around us! The four-lane Hu Ting Bei Road, in Shanghai, had to narrow as Xu's house stood in the middle         Mr Xu and his family refused to move out after they received a notice of house demolish in 2003 for urban developmentAccording to The Paper, two diggers and two high pressure water guns were set up at 12am on September 18.The family house was brought down by the diggers and a dump truck carried the rubbles away.The reports said that Mr Xu received a notice of house demolish in 2003 issued by the local government.The notice apparent said that the land had been earmarked to be knocked down to make room for the city's renewal project.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Siblings aged three and four and their three-year-old cousin...    App that lets people hire used sex dolls is shut down after...    Horrifying moment Chinese vet removes dozens of dogs' vocal...    China closes nature reserve on its border amid fears of a...    Thrillseeker, 21, dies at Hong Kong's largest amusement park...    Lib Dem deputy claims China is the 'voice of reason' in the...    

Share this article
Share

 Mr Xu's house was located in Jiuliting, Shanghai's Songjiang District. The family reportedly refused to move because they were not happy with the compensation offered to them. Houses as such are usually referred as 'nail house' in China, which people refused their homes to be hammered down.          The family had lived in the middle of the road for 14 years because they were said to be unhappy about the compensation         The family said serious traffic accidents had happened in the past that almost crashed into their home in Songjiang, ShanghaiIn the following decade, the Xu family and the Songjiang urban renewal project team failed to come to an agreement.The two sides had been negotiating compensation plans until August 19 this year, when a consensus was reached.The three-story house had been standing in the middle of Hu Ting Bei Road for the past 14 years. All of the nearby houses had been torn down and turned into a four-lane road.However, Mr Xu's nail house made the road impossible to build all four lanes on. The road was narrowed down to two lanes and had to bend around the house, which often cause traffic jams during rush hours.Ms Xu told the reporter that they started to packing and moving out on September 7.         The Xu family moved out last Friday and local urban development authority sent teams to take down the house earlier today         After a decade-long discussion, the family finally made an agreement with the developer and decided to leave the building         Diggers and water guns were dispatched to the address as workers pulled down the 60-year-old building at midnightShe said the house served as her family home for over 60 years.The Xu family said it's not easy to live in the middle of a road and they wished to move out as soon as they reached an agreement.Zhang Xinguo, a daughter-in-law of the family, said: 'I have witnessed serious car accidents at least three times and there was one time a taxi crashed and ended up hitting the cement pillar.'         The construction had to be carried out at midnight in order to avoid impacting the busy traffic in the area         In just 90 minutes, the three-storey building was taken down and turned into rubble after the Xu family moved out last week         The Xu family budged after the developer agreed to give them four new flats as well as £260,000 in a meeting last month The family of nine cleared the house on September 15 as they moved the furniture onto a truck and drove to a rented apartment.Zhang explained that the developer had agreed to give them with four new flats of different sizes in addition to 2.3 million yuan (£260,000) financial compensation.The family can only stay in a nearby rented apartment until the new flats are built.
