Trump demands 'credit' for release of American basketball players accused of theft claiming HE was the one who convinced China to let them come back
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-6743807/Trump-demands-credit-release-American-basketball-players-accused-theft-China.html
 18:08 BST, 25 February 2019 
President Trump demanded 'credit' on Monday for the 2017 release of three college basketball players accused of theft in China.Trump said that he called in a 'favor' to China's Xi Jinping to get the players released, including LiAngelo Ball, whose father LaVar Ball declined to thank the president after the incident.  'They were arrested for stealing -- in Louis Vuitton -- sunglasses. And I wasn’t happy with those three players because they never gave our country much credit for having gotten them out,' the president argued Monday.         President Trump demanded 'credit' on Monday for the 2017 release of three college basketball players accused of theft in China       If it weren't for his plea to the communist country's leader, the president said, the players would be in jail. 'Stealing in a store in China is a very big offense. And I said, "Would you do me a favor?" ' he recalled telling Xi at a dinner in China days before the players' release. 'It just happened, and they were arrested. They were put in jail. And I said, "Mr. President, could you do me a favor? Could you let the three basketball players out?"'Trump claimed that Xi gave the order in an instant, in the middle of a state dinner.  'He didn’t know about it. He called over to his people went over -- he came back. He reported within two minutes, explained, "Basketball players…" Bom. Bom. And I said, "It would be a great thing if you could possibly let them out." He goes, "So be it. They're out." 'I thought -- I said, "Is this different than our country?" Huh? It's just a little bit different. And we got them out,' Trump told governors at a Monday breakfast at the White House. More than a year after the incident, Trump was still aggrieved by how the incident played out.'We came back, and the one father said, "Well, we don’t know that Trump helped. I sent a consultant."'The president groaned, 'That consultant would've gotten nowhere. But, you know, we just have a great relationship with so many of these countries.'The father he was referring to was Ball, who asked in an interview after his son's release what the president did to demand a thank you from his family.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Trump calls migrants at Mexican border 'rough hombres' as he...    R Kelly pleads not guilty to 10 counts of criminal sex abuse...    

Share this article
Share

 'Did he help the boys get out? I don't know,' he said on CNN. 'If I was going to thank somebody I'd probably thank President Xi.'Ball's son had been arrested alongside UCLA players Cody Riley and Jalen Hill in Hangzhou in November of 2017. They were confined to their hotel after the Louis Vuitton shoplifting accusation.  The businessman told CNN that Trump should stop bragging and allow him to handle the matter involving his son the way he chooses.'Let him do his political affairs and let me handle my son, and let's just stay in our lane,' Ball argued.The U.S. president was in China at the time of the allegations, and the commissioner of the Pacific-12 conference personally thanked him in a statement announcing the players' release.'We are grateful for the role that our Chinese hosts played, and for the courtesy and professionalism of the local authorities. We also want to acknowledge UCLA's significant efforts on behalf of their student-athletes,' said Larry Scott. 'Finally, we want to thank the President, the White House and the US State Department for their efforts towards resolution.'Trump insisted a week later that he, and not his administration or Ball's father, was responsible for the players' release. He blasted Ball as an 'ungrateful fool' and belittled his appearance in tweets.'It wasn't the White House, it wasn't the State Department, it wasn't father LaVar's so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad!' he said. 'LaVar is just a poor man's version of Don King, but without the hair.' He added: 'LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It’s a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool! '        
