Heavy tanks, helicopters and thousands of soldiers: China flexes military muscles as Hong Kong stages 'largest ever' parade to mark 20th anniversary of handover from Britain
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4653110/Xi-asserts-authority-Hong-Kong-PLA-troop-inspection.html
 03:37 BST, 30 June 2017 
President Xi Jinping is in Hong Kong to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the handover of the former British Colony to China.Xi inspected troops today during a stop at the People's Liberation Army garrison in the New Territories where he rode an open-top jeep and saluted soldiers. Armoured personnel carriers, combat vehicles, helicopters and other pieces of military hardware were arrayed behind the troops.        Chinese President Xi Jinping inspects Chinese troops of People's Liberation Army (PLA) Hong Kong Garrison at the Shek Kong Barracks in Hong Kong          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1           Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-19', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
            Chinese soldiers march in before Chinese President Xi Jinping inspects the troops of People's Liberation Army (PLA) Hong Kong Garrison at the Shek Kong Barracks in Hong Kong to mark the 20th anniversary of Beijing taking control of the former British colony       Chinese President Xi Jinping inspects the People's Liberation Army soldiers at a camp in Hong Kong. Xi landed in Hong Kong Thursday to mark the 20th anniversary of Beijing taking control of the former British colony       Chinese soldiers march as Chinese President Xi Jinping inspects the troops of People's Liberation Army (PLA) Hong Kong Garrison at the Shek Kong Barracks in Hong Kong   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Council chief warns that government is carrying out the...    Grenfell Tower cladding was downgraded from fire resistant...    Travel ban 2.0: Protesters descend on airports across the...    Teenage girl is arrested for masterminding online suicide...    Family of man, 20, 'battered to death with shovel in front...    Aerial photos reveal how specialist teams and forensic...    

Share this article
Share
57 shares

 President Xi called out 'Salute all the comrades' and 'Salute to your dedication' as he rode past 3,100 soldiers arranged in formations. The President is also Chairman of the army and the troops referred to him as Chairman when saluting.  The inspection today was a rare display of the Chinese military's presence in Hong Kong. Armoured personnel carriers, combat vehicles, helicopters and other pieces of military hardware were arrayed behind the troops. Xi is in Hong Kong to mark the 20th anniversary of Hong Kong's handover to China on July 1, 1997.        Chinese soldiers stand by as Chinese President Xi Jinping inspects the troops of People's Liberation Army (PLA) Hong Kong Garrison at the Shek Kong Barracks in Hong Kong       Chinese soldiers stand by as Chinese President Xi Jinping inspects the troops of People's Liberation Army (PLA) Hong Kong Garrison at the Shek Kong Barracks in Hong Kong       Chinese President Xi Jinping rides in an open-top jeep as he inspects the People's Liberation Army in Hong KongHong Kong is a special administrative region and runs its affairs under the 'one country, two systems' principle. However Beijing is in charge of the city's defense and foreign affairs. The troops in the city are deployed from mainland China. Hong Kongers have much more freedom thanks to the 'one country, two systems' principle allowing the region to have its own legal system, freedom of assembly and free speech. Because of this, many young people in Hong Kong are concerned about the future of the region.        A Chinese soldier introduces the military equipment to visitors after Chinese President Xi Jinping inspected the troops       Visitors pose for a photograph in front of the Chinese soldiers as Chinese President Xi Jinping inspects the troops       Chinese soldiers shout slogans as Chinese President Xi Jinping inspects the troops of People's Liberation ArmySecurity has been tight for President Xi's visit as locals vowed to protest. Parts of the region are in lockdown with several areas closed to the public. Some 26 people including young activist leader Joshua Wong have been released on bail after being arrested for protesting on June 28. The activists climbed onto a giant flower sculpture that was a gift from Beijing and is close to the hotel complex where Xi is staying. President Xi will also swear in new Chief Executive Carrie Lam before heading back to Beijing on June 1.         Chinese President Xi Jinping gives a speech to troops from the People's Liberation Army to mark the handover       Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, shares a light moment with Hong Kong Chief Executive-elect Carrie Lam during a visit to Hong Kong's West Kowloon district. He will attend her inauguration on July 1       A man stands near Chinese and Hong Kong flags at an event to show support for the Chinese president's visit at a gathering in Hong Kong, Thursday, June 29, 2017 TIMELINE: BRIEF HISTORY OF HONG KONG            Chinese soldiers raise the flag of China marking the handover in 1997 (File photo) September 1839: The first Opium War startsAugust 29, 1842: The British Queen and Emperor of China sign the treaty of Nanking bringing the end of the first Opium War and also the handover of Hong Kong Island to the British. October 1860: Kowloon is ceded under the Convention of Peking, ending the second Opium WarJuly 1898: China leases New Territories (a mainland area beside Kowloon) for 99 yearsMarch 1979: Hong Kong Governor Murray MacLehose raises the issue of Hong Kong with China's leader Deng Xiaoping. Deng says he will reassert sovereignty over the region after the lease is up in June 1997. December 19, 1984: The Sino-British Joint Declaration is signed declaring the return of all of Hong Kong to China on June 30, 1997.  January 1996: Beijing forms 150 member Committee of the Hong Kong SAR to appoint a Selection Committee that will choose Hong Kong's future Chief Executive. June 30, 1997: The British flag is lowered and the Hong Kong and Chinese flags raised to end 156 years of British rule.    
