Shocking before-and-after pictures show how Beijing chokes under a monster sandstorm as dozens of flights are cancelled in toxic weather
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/peoplesdaily/article-4472558/Shocking-pictures-Beijing-monster-sandstorm.html
 09:16 BST, 4 May 2017 
Shocking before and after images show how Beijing has been left shrouded in dust.Authorities have urged children and the elderly to remain indoors while around 48 flights from Beijing Capital International Airport have been cancelled so far today.  According to state media, visibility in the Chinese capital this morning was as low as one kilometere (0.6 miles). Scroll down for video          A massive difference: Shocking images show the Beijing skyline was changed by dust which shrouded the city         Horrifying: Buildings such as the CCTV building were barely visible this morning (May 4) following the dust storm         Dangerous: People in northern China were seen wearing masks and covering their faces as PM 10 particles hit a high level          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1           Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-23', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
        RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Alec Baldwin says he wants Trump to come BACK on SNL to...    Reality star accused of sextorting 'queen of Snapchat'...    Winter has come! Sydney braces for its coldest morning of...    Voters go to the polls in local elections set to devastate...    Judge says driver who was distracted watching a wrestling...    Australian students travel to North Korea to get Kim Jong-un...      Share this article Share 172 shares   Those who braved going outside were seen wearing masks and bandannas to cover their mouths and faces. The level of PM10 particles hovered at around 900 which is 20 times the World Health Organisation's recommended daily maximum exposure. High levels pose a threat to human health and the city urged children and the elderly to stay indoors. Spencer Musick, an American expat living in the Chaoyangmen district of Beijing told MailOnline: 'I went to bed last night thinking the warnings must have been off, since the air quality was fine. But upon waking up this morning, it was impossible to see across the street. 'It just goes to show how quickly and drastically things can turn here.'            Alert for hazardous dust: A general view shows buildings seen through a heavy sandstorm in Beijing, China on May 4          Hazardous: People wear face masks as a dust storm hits Beijing with harmful particle levels reaching dangerous levels         According to the Institute of Atmospheric Physics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the sandstorm originated in MongoliaAccording to the People's Daily Online, parts of Beijing along with provinces in northern China will see the sandstorms last from today until Tomorrow. Zhu Jiang, head of the Institute of Atmospheric Physics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences said the sandstorms originated in Mongolia. Locals have taken to Chinese social media to complain about the poor conditions. One user said: 'Beijing is not suitable for human beings.' While another commented: 'I turned on the air purifier at home on high speed but the level did not go down. I thought my purifier was broken but it's still the same after rebooting it twice.' And one user said: 'I think I am pretty brave for riding a bike to work this morning.'   
