Meet the 'king of claw machines': IT worker who takes home 12,000 TOYS a year reveals how he wins the game every single time
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4375662/The-king-claw-machines-shares-secrets-winning.html
 16:32 BST, 3 April 2017 
Chen Zhitong shares his three-bedroom flat with thousands of stuffed toys. They are his trophies.The Chinese IT worker, billed as the 'king of claw machines', has taken home more than 15,000 prizes over the past year and a half.Speaking to MailOnline, Chen, who is billed as 'the king of claw machines', revealed that one secret of winning the game is to choose a 'fuller machine with many toys'.         Chen Zhitong, the 'king of claw machines' in China, lives in a three-bedroom flat in Xiamen with thousands of stuffed toys         The 35-year-old man started playing claw machines in July, 2015, and has won more than 15,000 prizes since then         When he played the game for the first time, he didn't think too much of it. But he ended up winning four toys with £2   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Some impressive tech-nique! Football-playing androids warm...    Hilarious video shows a clever way to wash your hair in the...    Teen mother, 15, caught throwing out her newborn daughter...    Divorced man films himself savagely slapping his sleepy...    Father wears bear costume and charges £1 per hug in a...    Are YOU eating your dumplings the wrong way? Popular video...    

Share this article
Share
32 shares

 Chen, 35, lives in Xiamen, China, and works for a local computer company. He considers playing claw machines his biggest hobby because 'it enriches your life and helps the time pass more quickly'. The timid bachelor goes to various shopping centres in Xiamen daily to play claw machines. TIPS FROM THE KING OF CLAW MACHINES  'I always choose the claw machines that have more toys.'Ideally, the level of the toys would need to be higher than the barrier that separates the toys from the funnel.'That way, it's easier to move the prize you grab towards the funnel.'If the level of the toys is lower than the barrier, then it becomes more difficult to grab the toy, lift it up and move it horizontally.'   He said that the game, which costs 1 yuan to play per time (12p), is a big phenomenon in his hometown. He said that every shopping centre would have several claw machines on each floor.And it's not just toys that people could win: gamers would potentially bag anything from slippers, backpacks, gloves to live crabs.'Every claw machine is different. Some claw machines are programmed in a way that you'd never win; but for the others, you can always find out how to grab and drop the prizes by observing the position and strength of the claw and the level of toys.'The man added: 'My biggest enjoyment is to crack the code of each machine by first observing the others playing, then trying out by myself.' Chen played the claw machines for the first time in July 2015. He immediately became intrigued.Recalling his first attempt, he said that he went shopping with a friend and was encouraged to play one of the claw machines in a mall. At first, he didn't think too much of it, but then he spent 20 yuan (£2) and won four toys.Afterwards, he'd go playing the arcade game whenever he had time.           more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1           Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-37', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
              He said: 'When I see the toys, I always feel they are trapped inside the machine and I feel the urge to free them from that box'         Chen, who works at a local IT company, plays claw machines daily and has become a somewhat famous figure in Xiamen         Owners of the claw machines don't like Chen and would tell Chen to go somewhere else to play if they see himChen joined a group of claw machine fans in Xiamen, who would go out and play the arcade game together to sharpen their skills. The man said there are 300 to 400 of them and they coordinate their activities through WeChat, a Chinese social media chatting app.In the first six months, Chen won 3,000 toys, and as his skills improved, he could amass averagely 1,000 prizes per month. Since March, 2016, Chen has taken home more than 12,000 toys after spending 10,000 yuan (£1,160) playing the game.Chen's skills have made him somewhat a famous figure in the city - so famous that local claw machine owners are begging him to stop playing their machines.Chen said: 'When I go to play claw machines with my friends, we always bring with us a huge sack to carry the toys we win.'Whenever the bosses see me playing in their shopping centre, they would tell me to go somewhere else to play. Most of them are not happy with me.'          Chen always brings a huge sack with him when he goes out to play claw machines. His home is filled with the prizes he's won          Chen would sometimes sell his trophies back to the business owners so that they could fill up their empty claw machines         At the first six months, Chen won 3,000 toys by playing the arcade game. Now he could win 1,000 per month on averageThe man added: 'When I see the toys, I always feel they are trapped inside the machine and I feel the urge to free them from that box.'After winning tens of thousands of toys, Chen would sometimes sell his trophies back to the business owners so that they could fill up their empty claw machines.Chen has also given away some of toys to his relative and charity organisations. Speaking of the future, Chen said that his goal is to beat more claw machines that contain expensive toys.'I'm not interested in ordinary toys anymore.'He has also set up his personal channels on China's video streaming websites, Huajiao.com and Lizhi Mini Class, to live broadcast himself playing the game.'I want to share my tips with more people so that we can improve our skills together,' said Chen.         He said that the game, which costs 1 yuan to play per time (12p), is a big phenomenon in his hometown Xiamen         Chen said that every shopping centre in Xiamen would have several claw machines on each floor for customers to play         In Xiamen, claw machines carry a wide range of prizes. Players could win anything from toys, slippers, backpacks to gloves         Chen said one of his secrets to win the game is to always choose the claw machines that have more toys         The man plans to live broadcast himself playing claw machines online so that he could share his tips with more people
