'There will be nobody left in China to do business with': Trump claims 'China will be hurt very badly' because companies will flee to other countries to duck U.S. tariffs if Xi rejects deal with him
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7023205/Trump-claims-companies-flee-China-avoid-U-S-tariffs-Xi-doesnt-cut-deal-him.html
 12:47 BST, 13 May 2019 
Donald Trump warned Xi Jinping on Monday that if he doesn't make a trade deal, companies will flee China to avoid increasing their prices in the U.S. as a result of the president's punishing new tariffs.Trump levied new tariffs Friday on practically everything China exports to the United States in the hope of forcing Beijing to come back to the negotiating table for talks about a long list of what the White House sees as trade abuses.'I say openly to President Xi & all of my many friends in China that China will be hurt very badly if you don’t make a deal because companies will be forced to leave China for other countries. Too expensive to buy in China. You had a great deal, almost completed, & you backed out!' Trump wrote on Twitter.          Donald Trump warned Xi Jinping on Monday that if he doesn't make a trade deal, companies will flee China to avoid increasing their prices in the U.S. as a result of new tariffs         Xi is resisting giving in on a list of trade compromises, even in the face of tariffs that threaten to add 25 per cent to the cost of goods shipped from China to the U.S.         The president seemed to taunt his Chinese counterpart on Monday morning, saying he had 'a great deal'but 'backed out'Monday's claim, made in a series of tweets, is also a threat to American companies like John Deere and Caterpillar, which produce components or finished products in China.When Chinese companies pay tariffs to export products to the U.S., their American customers typically absorb the expense in the form of higher prices. The president said Monday that that's not inevitable. 'Their [sic] is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today,' he wrote. 'This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree.'The 'points' are a reference to the percentage increase in tariffs on Chinese goods, from 4 per cent to 25 per cent, compared to a more modest tariff hike the Chinese have recently enforced in the other direction. 'Also, the Tariffs can be completely avoided if you by [sic] from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea),' Trump added. 'That’s Zero Tariffs.'                Larry Kudlow, the chairman of Trump's National Economic Council, conceded Sunday that tariff costs are generally passed through in the form of higher prices for customers         John Deere and many other big U.S. companies make components like engines and computers in China to lower their costs, and thenship them to the U.S. where their products are asembled'Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly! There will be nobody left in China to do business with.' Trump has railed against the Chinese since the middle of his 2016 presidential campaign, complaining about unfair trade practices that put Beijing at an advantage.They include 'forced technology transfer,' a phenomenon in which China's government requires foreign companies to share control of their operations with Chinese companies – often giving their competition direct access to their trade secrets.The White House is also determined to impose a cost on Beijing for not clamping down on its own companies selling counterfeit products that knock off American brands. And the president has publicly complained about government subsidies that lower Chinese companies' operating costs, along with a sustained effort to devalue the Yuan, tactics that make Chinese products progressively cheaper to buy.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Trump says China hopes 'Sleepy Joe Biden' gets elected in...    'Remember, they broke the deal with us': Trump blames China...    White House expects retaliation from China over increased...    Trump ramps up talk of a trade war with China saying Beijing...    

Share this article
Share
69 shares

                            Larry Kudlow, the chairman of the president's National Economic Council, conceded Sunday in a TV interview that tariff costs are generally passed through in the form of higher prices for customers.'It's U.S. businesses and U.S. consumers who pay, correct?' asked 'Fox News Sunday' host Chris Wallace.'Yes, I don't disagree with that,' said Kudlow, while insisting that 'both sides will pay' – and Beijing more than Washington as Trump's prediction comes true and companies relocate from China to other nations with free or freer U.S. trade arrangements.   Ford Motor Company announced last August, in the face of a Trump-ordered tariff escalation on cars entering the U.S. from China that it would abandon a plan to sell a Chinese-made car in America. 
