'Get out of my country': Chinese woman left bloodied after being punched in the face by a white man in racist attack outside a Sydney mall 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4274562/Chinese-woman-racist-attack-bloody-face-Sydney-white-man.html
 11:34 BST, 2 March 2017 
         A Chinese woman, called Lina, has been punched in the face in a horrific racist attack outside a Sydney shopping mallA Chinese woman has been punched in the face in a horrific racist attack outside a Sydney shopping mall.The woman, called Lina, was waiting to cross a road outside Burwood Plaza when a white man confronted her and shouted: 'Get out of my country.'Lina tried to walk away but the man continued to abuse her before punching her in the face, leaving her with blood pouring from her face.Witnesses driving past as the stranger launched into the vicious attack tried to stop him by beeping their horns, only for the man to start hitting their cars.Lina, a Chinese Australian, told Sydney Today that the man hurled 'a series of insulting words' at her before punching her.She has described the incident at about noon on February 4 as a 'severe racial attack'. Lina was able to call the emergency services and was treated by shocked passers-by before police arrived.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       'It's completely biased': Man who appeared on SBS racism...    Fired ESPN analyst suffers heart attack and his doctor...    'Why you crying now?' Black grandmother slams white couple...    White couple weep as judge gives them 35 years for...    

Share this article
Share
10k shares

 A woman who was driving past the shopping centre at the time of the attack said she beeped her horn at the attacker in the hope other drivers would try to help the victim.She told SBS Mandarin that her beeping only succeeding in distracting the man, who then started hitting her windows.The motorist, who did not wish to be named, said she had no option but to drive away because her child was in the car.         The woman, called Lina, was waiting to cross a road outside Burwood Plaza (pictured) when a white man confronted her and shouted: 'Get out of my country'She drove back to the scene a few minutes alter to check on the girl, to find her covered in blood but being helped by other witnesses. The mother said: 'Even if it is not considered as a racial attack, I think we still need to be concerned. 'I hope my witness [evidence] can help the police to fast track the case.'The attacker has been described as being aged between 55 and 65 years old, thin and between 173 and 178cms tall.He had blonde, grey hair and was wearing a light coloured t-shirt, grey or blue trousers and was wearing glasses.
