Bye bye Bao Bao! American-born three-year-old panda packs her 55lb of bamboo for a one-way flight from Washington to China to join a breeding program 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4244758/DC-panda-fans-bam-boo-hoo-US-born-cub-leaves-China.html
 10:08 BST, 21 February 2017 
Panda watchers are saying a sad and fond 'bye bye' to Bao Bao.The three-year-old female panda, born in August 2013 at The National Zoo in Washington DC, has spent her last moments in the US and has caught her flight to China, where she will join a panda breeding program.As part of the zoo's cooperative breeding program with the country, all cubs born here move to China before turning four years old in order to breed with other pandas and keep the genetic lines diverse, said the zoo's website. Scroll down for video          So sad to see you gao! On her last day in the US, Bao Bao was presented with a pink and white ice heart cake         All this for me? You shouldn't have! A week of special events ran up to Bao Bao's departure for China and its breeding program          Bao Bao's special cake was made of  bamboo shoots, bamboo, apple, cooked sweet potato, water, pear and leaf eater biscuitsThe popular panda left the zoo Tuesday morning and flew from Washington Dulles International Airport in Virginia to Chengdu, China. Experts say it is best for pandas to make long trips during the winter, when they are more comfortable due to their thick woolly coats.Bao Bao is being flown by FedEx, which donated an aircraft as it did for her older brother, Tai Shan, who moved to China in 2010 and which brought her parents, Mei Xiang and Tian Tian, to the zoo in 2000, said the website.                The panda will travel the 16-hour non-stop flight to Chengdu with a zookeeper and veterinarian         Special delivery! Bao Bao will travel with 55 pounds of bamboo, two pounds of apples, two pounds of cooked sweet potatoes and ten gallons of water         The young panda has been getting acclimated to her travel crate for the past several months         Bao Bao enjoys her last days in Washington DC before she headed for China         Zoo keepers carry bamboo that will travel with giant panda Bao Bao as she is heads for her new home in ChinaThe cub won't have to worry about finding overhead bin space or dealing with a talkative seatmate on the 16-hour, nonstop flight. She'll be the only panda on the plane, traveling with a keeper and a veterinarian who will monitor her. And Bao Bao is being cut some slack on baggage weight limitations. She gets to travel with 55 pounds of bamboo, two pounds of apples, two bags of leaf-eater biscuits, two pounds of cooked sweet potatoes and 10 gallons of water.         Bao Bao may miss her home but zookeepers will be able to communicate with her through hand signals and body language         Dozens of fans gathered to watch Bao Bao's last moments as she was packed into a FedEx truck         Zookeepers gathered to say a sad good-bye to the cuddly panda bear          Bao Bao was loaded into a FedEx crate to make the journey to her FedEx plane and then to China         The panda has her own specialized plane (above) in which she'll travel first class with a zookeeper and vetThe cub has spent the last several months getting acclimated to her specialized travel crate, which she spent longer and longer periods of time in so she would be comfortable when the time came to fly. The crate is 55 inches wide by 75 inches long and 50 inches tall.Bao Bao's zookeepers speak to her in English, however, hand signals and body gestures are used to ask her to do certain things, and her new Chinese zookeepers will be given those signals.        Bao Bao is scheduled to depart the zoo Tuesday for a one-way flight to China, where the three-year-old will eventually join a panda breeding programBao Bao's last day was celebrated with a frozen ice cake in the shape of a Chinese pagoda. In the week leading up to her departure, the zoo held a series of events, including spectators getting to watch Bao Bao paint, and presenting the panda with her traveling 'suitcase' which contained gifts symbolizing her new and old cities.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       I don't want to take a bath! Hilarious moment panda cub is...    The bizarre life of an Arctic scientist: Researchers reveal...    

Share this article
Share

 Fans on Facebook were sad to see her go. 'Lots of love from all of us out here. And when you cry, know that we share your tears. No matter how painful this is, I would do it all over again. Bao Bao is a joy and how lucky we have been to have her in our lives,' wrote Jean Mayo.Bao Bao is the first surviving cub born at the National Zoo since 2005. In China, she will be reunited with her older brother Tai Shan, who left the National Zoo for China back in 2010, though pandas are solitary creatures and generally don't interact unless its breeding season.China has begun the process of reintroducing pandas to the wild and the goal is to have Bao Bao's descendants living in their natural habitats.         
