China issues first-ever national red alert for fog as air pollution continues to smother parts of the nation
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/peoplesdaily/article-4086842/China-issues-national-red-alert-fog-toxic-smog-continues-smother-parts-nation.html
 09:46 BST, 4 January 2017 
China issued its first national red alert for air pollution on Wednesday as the country continues to battle poor air quality. The red alert affects over 20 Chinese cities and means that visibility could be down to 50 metres (160 feet) in just two hours, reports the People's Daily Online. China's National Observatory have also warned drivers in the affected cities to drive with caution while airports and ports are bracing themselves for cancellations. Scroll down for video         Barely visible: Airplanes are seen parked at Beijing Capital International Airport as haze covers parts of Beijing         Hard work: A traffic officer directs vehicles in Qingzhou, China's Shandong province as haze affects northern China         Dangerous driving: Motorcycle riders try to continue on with daily life as fog blankets the city of Qingzhou          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty           Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-23', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
        RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Indonesia SUSPENDS all military cooperation with Australia...    Terrifying moment a deadly black snake pops its head out of...    MyPillow promo row: Pillow company's ratings get slashed by...      Scarborough is shaken by biggest earthquake to hit Britain...    Rhode Island marshal urges 'dangerous child rapist' who...      Share this article Share   Delays and cancellations are expected at airports across northern China following the red alert. Red is the highest level in China's four tier system for air pollution warnings. There are 21 cities in China also on an orange alert, the second highest. Largely affected regions include Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei provinces. Beijing has since banned heavy polluting petrol vehicles and trucks loaded with construction garbage from driving on roads. Northern China has been battling poor air quality for the past few days with air quality ratings already reaching beyond the World Health Organisation's unhealthy index. According to Ma Xuejie from China's Meteorological Observatory, the red alert for fog has only been introduced since 2014. Ma told reporters: 'Recently the haze has gradually increased reaching the relevant standards so the Central Meteorological Observatory issued the first red fog warning.' When speaking about PM2.5, the harmful particles found in smog, Ma said: 'The greater the particle diameter, the poorer the visibility.'          Delays expected: Airplanes are parked at Beijing Caiptal International Airport as haze continues to shroud the city         Chinese paramilitary policemen prepare to change shifts at Beijing's Tiananmen Square amid heavy pollution         Where's the city? High-rise buildings in Beijing are barely seen as smog blanketed the Chinese capital on January 4         Riding through the smog: A cyclist wears a face mask while riding on a road in Fuyang City, east China's Anhui province On January 3, a time lapse video emerged showing smog smothering the Chinese capital, completely changing the skyline in just 20 minutes. Thousands of primary schools have suspended classes across the region. China's Ministry of Environmental Protection announced on January 2 that it had punished 500 enterprises and construction sites for continuing to operate despite demands to close. Photos taken on January 4 show the full extent of the air pollution.  Many people have taken to social media site Weibo to complain about the pollution. One user wrote: 'I would rather have a slowdown in economy than heavy pollution.' While another commented: 'the smog is so horrible...maybe we should have Chinese new year holidays earlier.' And one user said: 'I haven't seen the nearby buildings for days now.' Air pollution in China increases during the winter months with last November proving to be a particularly troublesome time for northern regions.  Red alerts were issued in Jiangxi and Shanxi provinces during that time.          Dancing in the dark: Local residents wear face masks while dancing in heavy fog in Fuyang City, China's Anhui province         Invisible skyline: High-rise buildings are barely seen after heavy fog hit China's Anhui province on January 4         Queues of traffic: Jinan City was left wrapped in fog and haze in east China's Shandong province on January 4         Poor quality: An aerial photo from a passenger plane shows heavy haze covering northern outskirts of Beijing         A traffic warden wears a protection mask as he continues his work in Beijing's Tiananmen Square on January 4
