China holds National Day of Remembrance for Nanjing Massacre victims as thousands pay tribute to the 300,000 people killed in the WWII bloodbath
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/peoplesdaily/article-4028090/China-holds-National-Day-Remembrance-Nanjing-Massacre-victims-thousands-pay-tribute-300-000-people-killed-WWII-bloodbath.html
 09:46 BST, 13 December 2016 
On this day 79 years ago, Imperial Japanese troops ransacked the city of Nanjing killing 300,000 people in a six week reign of terror.Today Chinese residents, survivors and government leaders stood in the rain to remember the dead for China's third official National Day of Remembrance of the massacre.Nearly 8,000 paid tribute at 7.00am local time at the Nanjing Massacre Memorial Hall which is built on one of the execution grounds and mass graves.          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty           Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-17', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
              Thousands stand for a silent tribute for those killed in the Nanjing Massacre at the Memorial Hall         The Chinese People's Liberation Army marches to pay tribute to the 300,000 people killed in the Nanjing Massacre          The third official National Memorial Day for Nanjing Massacre was held at the memorial hall which was built in 1985   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       The faces of massacre survivors: Powerful portraits show the...    Chinese archaeologists begin excavation of mysterious...    Now THAT'S a cool hairstyle! Man shows off his frozen fringe...      Share this article Share   In 2014 the China's National People's Congress made the anniversary of the invasion an official national day of remembrance. On December 13, 1937 the Japanese invaded Nanjing which only had a few untrained auxiliary troops as their defense. Chinese soldiers and civilians were mercilessly slaughtered and women was raped and taken as 'comfort women'.Over the weekend people added 110 new names of those killed on the memorial wall also called the 'wailing wall'. People's Daily reports there are now 10,615 names inscribed.The Chinese People's Liberation Army stood guard of the thousands of people who stood in the rain in a moment of silence.          People came to pay their respects for victims of the Nanjing Massacre and wore ponchos because it was raining         Regina, Ip chairwoman of the New People's Party and former Hong Kong Secretary for Security, attended the memorial              Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying paid his respects and signed a condolences book at the ceremony A slew of government officials also paid respects such as Regina Ip, the chairwoman of the New People's Party and Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying. Guards presented wreaths of flowers during the somber affair and Zhao Leji of the Central Committee of the Communist Party spoke to honour the fallen. Wish walls were built in Nanjing's busiest subway stations back in December and invite residents to pay their respects to the victims.           People stand for a moment of silence at the Nanjing Massacre Memorial HallJapanese Prime Minister Shinzo is planning to visit Pearl Harbor this month. The Japanese government have not issued a formal apology for the Nanjing Massacre.The Japanese government did issue a apology to 'comfort women' of South Korea last year, but many thought it was far too little too late.There are only 108 living survivors of the Nanjing Massacre. Many were just children during the slaughterings which included mass executions.          Bodies fill the streets of Nanjing during the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937         The Nanjing Massacre saw 300,000 people killed and tens of thousands of women sexually assaulted HOW DID THE NANJING MASSACRE HAPPEN?         Bodies litter the street during the Nanjing MassacreOn December 13, 1937 Imperial Japanese troops invaded the capital city of Nanjing where they ransacked, pillaged and slaughtered civilians for six weeks.The city was essentially abandoned by Chinese Nationalist leader Chiang Kai-Shek who called for the removal of most official troops following a brutal loss in Shanghai. He forbade official evacuation of civilians and ordered the untrained troops left to defend the city at any cost. The soldiers who remained were tracked down by the Japanese and killed. They were lumped into mass graves along with civilians who happened to be in the way. They even had killing contests to see who could get the highest body count. Decaying bodies filled the streets and the safety zone which was established for the protection of civilians was ignored. According to History.com, the safety zone was about the size of Central Park. In addition to the slaughtering of 300,000 people in six weeks, women were raped in the thousands. There were 40 military brothels in the city alone where Japanese soldiers would rape women as young as 12 years old. They were referred to as 'comfort women'.    
