Trump stirs Taiwan controversy again by saying he might change US's 37-year-old 'one China' policy if America doesn't get a better deal
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4022488/Trump-says-U-S-not-necessarily-bound-one-China-policy.html
 16:38 BST, 11 December 2016 
President-elect Donald Trump has revived questions over his plans for the US-Chinese relationship by saying he might break the decades-long 'one China' policy depending on trade deals.At present China and Taiwan both claim ownership of each-other's territories, but the US only recognizes the Chinese claim, while maintaining unofficial ties with Taiwan.Speaking to Fox News Sunday, Trump said: 'I fully understand the "one China" policy, but I don't know why we have to be bound by a "one China" policy unless we make a deal with China having to do with other things, including trade.'Scroll down for video          Donald Trump told Fox News Sunday that he might end the 'one China' policy that recognizes Taiwan as a Chinese territory if China didn't offer better deals       Trump stirred concern in Beijing last week by speaking to Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen (pictured), a breach of protocol. Experts say this could lead to military conflict if pushedThis is the latest installment in an ongoing drama surrounding the two countries, which began when Trump accepted a congratulatory telephone call from Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen on December 2.That call - the first with a President or President-elect since Jimmy Carter switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to China in 1979 - prompted a diplomatic protest from Beijing.Analysts have said continuing on this path could provoke military confrontation with China if goes too far.But Trump dismissed China's objection during the Fox News interview.'I don't want China dictating to me and this was a call put in to me,' he said. 'It was a very nice call. Short. And why should some other nation be able to say I can't take a call?''I think it actually would've been very disrespectful, to be honest with you, not taking it,' he added.  Beijing had no immediate comment on Trump's remarks.Taiwan is one of China's most sensitive policy issues, and China generally lambastes any form of official contact by foreign governments with Taiwan's leaders.After Trump's phone conversation, the Obama administration said senior White House aides had spoken with Chinese officials to insist that Washington's 'one China' policy remained intact.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       'Ridiculous': Trump hits out at CIA claims that Russian...    SNL gets around Alec Baldwin's absence with surreal skit in...    Donald Trump will live in the White House - and wants...    Vladimir Putin is NOT our friend! Defence Secretary warns...    

Share this article
Share
1.5k shares

 The administration also warned that progress made in the US relationship with China could be undermined by a 'flaring up' of the Taiwan issue.Following these latest comments, a White House aide said the Obama administration had no reaction beyond its previously stated policy positions.In the Fox interview, Trump also criticized China over its currency policies, its activities in the South China Sea and its stance toward North Korea. He plans to nominate Iowa Governor Terry Branstad as the next US ambassador to China, choosing a long-standing friend of Beijing after rattling the world's second largest economy with tough talk on trade and the call with the leader of Taiwan.       Trump has nominated Iowa Governor Terry Branstad - who he says has a long friendship with Chinese President Xi Jinping (pictured) - as the next US ambassador to China       But in the Fox interview, Trump brought up a litany of complaints about China that he had emphasized during his presidential campaign.'We're being hurt very badly by China with devaluation, with taxing us heavy at the borders when we don't tax them, with building a massive fortress in the middle of the South China Sea, which they shouldn't be doing, and frankly with not helping us at all with North Korea,' Trump said.'You have North Korea. You have nuclear weapons and China could solve that problem and they're not helping us at all.'Economists, including those at the International Monetary Fund, have widely viewed China's efforts to prop up the yuan's value over the past year as evidence that Beijing is no longer keeping its currency artificially low to make Chinese exports cheap.       
