University friends who set up flights website Skyscanner over a quick pint land £1.4bn sell-off to the Chinese 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3969962/Skyscanner-inventors-land-1-4bn-sell-Chinese.html
 01:03 BST, 25 November 2016 
         Staying on: Gareth Williams will remain as chief executive of Skyscanner, which has just been sold to the Chinese in a £1.4bn dealTheir internet travel business took 18 months to make £46.Anyone else might have given up the ghost after a few weeks.But Gareth Williams and his two unversity friends must be glad they stuck to their guns – because yesterday they sold the company to the Chinese for £1.4billion.The trio came up with their idea for Skyscanner over a pint in a pub in London in 2001. Passionate skier Mr Williams had become frustrated at how hard it was to find cheap flights and hotels when visiting his brother who lived in the French Alps. So the friends came up with a plan to build a single website to collect and compare airline prices.Mr Williams wrote the original computer program for the site on an Excel spreadsheet but it took the business a year and half to make any sales.Now the site has 50million global users every month and 800 staff in ten offices including London, Glasgow, Singapore and Miami.Gareth, Barry Smith and Bonamy Grimes – who met as students studying computer science at Manchester University – are now set to become multi millionaires.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       'I saw an £18 London to Belize fare': 'Professional flight...    Thomas Cook sees shares soar, despite profits fall, as...    I want to make our tickets free, claims Ryanair boss: Tycoon...    British Airways boss stunned to discover Heathrow's third...    

Share this article
Share
83 shares

 Skyscanner becomes the latest British tech firm to fall into foreign hands after Cambridge-based ARM Holdings was sold to the Japanese in the summer for £24billion.Its sale to China's biggest travel firm Ctrip comes less than 24 hours after Chancellor Philip Hammond vowed to protect the UK's brightest firms from foreign takeovers.Mr Williams, 47, who will continue as chief executive of Skyscanner, says he wants it to become the world's most used travel search website. But critics argue that if Britain continues to sell off its string of promising startups they will never grow big enough to rival California's Silicon Valley and the UK will be left behind.         Cashing in: Bonamy Grimes (left) and Barry Smith are set to become multi millionaires following the saleMr Williams quit his job at Marks & Spencer to work on Skyscanner, and moved the business to Edinburgh to be with his wife Lisa, where he lives in a £1.5million home.Last year, £11.2billion worth of airline tickets were bought through the Skyscanner site, and the company made £120million.It is not known exactly how much Mr Williams and his friends will make in the deal, as it already had other investors on board.But documents filed at Companies House show the co-founders and family members own nearly 30 per cent of the firm, suggesting a combined windfall of £400million. Dozens of staff who own much smaller stakes are also in line to make thousands of pounds each if they decide to sell their shares.The business will be owned by a billion-dollar corporation based in Shanghai, although Mr Williams said the firm would keep its independence.'I'll continue as chief executive of Skyscanner,' he said. 'Our opportunity to grow by orders of magnitude remains. As a chief executive and founder this is what drives me; it is our product and growth goals that give me greatest personal reward.'         Success: Skyscanner was thought up in a pub by the three friends, who met at university in Manchester where they studied computer scienceSkyscanner was often touted as the British firm most likely to become the next Google.Nico Macdonald, of the Research and Development Society, warned it was yet another promising software company Britain had not managed to keep hold of. 'If we are as unsuccessful at supporting companies scaling up as we have been with Skyscanner and others…then I can't really see a bright future for research and development and the technology side of the UK economy,' he said.Industry experts say there's more ministers should do to help good businesses stay in the UK.Gerard Grech, of TECH UK, said: 'If the Chancellor wants to see fewer companies snapped up by overseas companies there needs to be continued shift towards optimising the best possible conditions for entrepreneurs to build great businesses and go all the way.' 
