Is this the world's cutest nursery? Heart-melting pictures show cuddly cubs frolicking in China's 'panda kindergarten'
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3856226/Is-world-s-cutest-nursery-Heart-melting-pictures-cuddly-cubs-frolicking-China-s-panda-kindergarten.html
 13:29 BST, 21 October 2016 
With their black-and-white fur, adorable size and playful personality, these might be the cutest pupils in the world. The 23 cubs, all born this year, are enjoying their classes at the impressive 'panda kindergarten' inside a Chinese panda breeding centre.Latest pictures and footage show the black-and-white animals frolicking with each other and being taken care of by their keepers at the government-run nursery.             more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty           Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-17', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
               Too cute to bear! The 23 cubs, all born this year, are enjoying their classes at the impressive 'panda kindergarten' in China         Class begins: The black-and-white animals frolic with each other at the government-run nursery inside a breeding centre         A day in life of a cub: The baby pandas enjoy around-the-clock care from specialist keepers at the nursery in Chengdu   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Chinese capital plans to make winter sports mandatory in...    Horrific moment man savagely beats up woman in front of her...    Katy Perry named global ambassador by world's largest...    Girl, five, cheats death after passenger car was FLATTENED...    Feline hungry? Inside the new Hello Kitty restaurant where...    Hong Kong's 'Starbucks Uncle' is the latest social media...    

Share this article
Share
70 shares

 The so-called 'panda kindergarten' is a part of the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding. Its official name is the Moon Nursery. Every year, all the newborn pandas are gathered at the nursery to be looked after by specialist keepers.  Photos taken on October 19 by Xinhua News Agency shows baby pandas rolling, snoring and hugging each other.All of these cubs were born between May and August this year.Apparently, 2016 is a record-breaking year in term of breeding for the centre. A total of 27 cubs have been born at the base and its partner branches, the highest number of births ever.In comparison, the nursery had 13 cubs last year, according to People's Daily Online.   Among the 27 newborn pandas, four are currently being raised overseas. The 23 cubs at the Moon Nursery have left the incubators and are ready to meet the public outdoors.         Nap time: Latest pictures show these adorable panda pupils rolling, snoring and hugging each other at the kindergarten          Chilling out: Staff at the nursery take shifts around the clock in order to look after the black-and-white animals          Bearly awake: They monitor the cubs' weight, the condition of their faeces and their milk intake to ensure their healthStaff at the nursery take shifts around the clock in order to look after the black-and-white animals, according to another report on Xinhua.They closely monitor the cubs' weight, the condition of their faeces and how much milk they drink to ensure their healthy growth.Their job, however, doesn't stop there. As part of the Moon Nursery is open to the public, these keepers need to make sure that visitors follow the rules while interacting with the tiny cubs, such as taking pictures without a flash. The Moon Nursery is one of the most popular attractions at the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding. What's more? The breeding centre is keen to promote the popularity of these cubs.The base has joined force with China's state television station, CCTV, to live-stream the daily life inside the 'panda kindergarten' 24 hours a day on its official website.          Let's play! Part of the Moon Nursery is open to the public and has been a favourite among visitors to the Chengdu base          Are you looking at me? The base broadcasts the life inside the Moon Nursery 24 hours a day on its official website
