Now THAT'S teamwork! Amazing aerial footage shows the incredible patterns formed by 30,000 Kung Fu students 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3846934/Amazing-aerial-footage-shows-incredible-patterns-formed-30-000-Kung-Fu-students.html
 12:15 BST, 18 October 2016 
Amazing aerial footage shows incredible patterns formed by 30,000 Kung Fu students at Shaolin temple in China's Henan province. The 11th International Shaolin Wushu Festival will be held from October 16 to October 20 at the birthplace of Shaolin Wushu in China.The footage shows thousands of Kung Fu students demonstrating their skills in formation while creating incredible patterns, reports the People's Daily Online.           more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty           Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-17', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
              What a sight! Kung Fu students perform during the opening ceremony of the Shaolin Martial Arts festival         A clever way of sending messages: The group get into formations making messages for their audience         Students of martial art schools take part in rehearsals for the upcoming 11th International Shaolin Wushu Festival in Zhengzhou         There are 1,500 students taking part from 73 countries in the four day festival in Zhengzhou, the birthplace of Shaolin Wushu   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Real-life Mario Kart: Two Chinese men spotted driving bumper...    'How dare you!' Shocking moment scorned Chinese woman...    Bearly awake: Snoozing panda cub rolls out of his bed - but...    Diplomat's 'love affair' exposed: Dutch Ambassador to China...    Son, 25, stabs his parents to death while they sleep because...    'I will give you my kidney!' Emotional moment Chinese girl,...    

Share this article
Share
55 shares

 The festival will include group calisthenics and martial arts to promote cultural communication of martial arts.In the footage posted on the People's Daily Online's Youtube account, the martial arts students can be seen demonstrating their skills.The group move quick, weaving in and out to create shapes and patterns.  At one point, they use long sections of material to create the Chinese flag.           The students display their incredible core strength as they pull water from a well while hanging upside down from bars       Now that's a crowd! Thousands of martial arts students took part in the exercise in China's Henan province         The competitors scoop water from the buckets with one hand held behind their backs, hanging upside down on the bars         Students spent Friday rehearsing, and making key preparations for the competition and festival, which formally starts on Sunday         The hundreds of competitors don brightly coloured uniform for their international festival, in gold, red and blueThe four-day festival has been held 10 times before since 1991, and according to the organisers, is a good way for martial artists to explore the country's culture, make friends and exchange skills.As well as the competitions, there are demonstrations of different forms of martial arts, throughout the long weekend and a grand evening party.These incredible images show the scale of the event and the level of discipline and training undertaken by the participants ahead of the festival.  Shaolin Wushu, also called Shaolin Kung Fu, is about 1,500 years old, and originated in the Buddhist Shaolin temple in Henan province. Records of the art go back to 495AD.           The four-day festival will include group calisthenics, martial arts sitcom to promote cultural communication of martial arts         Records of Shaolin Wushu, also called Shaolin Kung Fu, go back to 495AD, and the art is about 1,500 years old         The incredible image shows the scale of the huge event and organisers hope it will bring people from different disciplines together         Hundreds of students practice together, wearing the same red tops and dark trousers with white trainers in the large open space         It originated in the Buddhist Shaolin temple in Henan province, the same province where the festival is now held         Wushu is both an exhibition and a contact martial art with various forms that have been standardised over the years         The competitors hold up a huge Chinese flag, during the rehearsal days of the festival, as others crowd around In a LinkedIn invitation to the event, the organisers wrote: 'Athletes from more than 60 countries and regions all over the world have participated in this grand festival.'Zhengzhou China International Shaolin Wushu Festival is a comprehensive festival comprizing Wushu, business and trade, tourism and culture exchange.'In this festival, we will arrange a lot of activities including Wushu competition, Taolu Competitions, Wushu performances, Chinese Martial Arts Duan Wei Exam, Chinese martial arts training and exchange，grand evening party, Greeting ceremony in Dengfeng, sightseeing of Shaolin Temple, Zen Music ShaoLin Grand Ceremony, and other culture exchange activities. 'We are confident that Zhengzhou China International Shaolin Wushu Festival is a good platform for you to make friends, exchange martial arts skills and deeply understand Chinese culture.'         Chinese monks in traditional orange robes watch on outside a red temple as the competitors get ready for the event         One student takes the lead in front of the festival's official logo, as his colleagues look on before their turns         A group of men in orange costume hold up one man in white, in something akin to a Saturday Night Fever pose during the rehearsals         The competitors will be able to enjoy some sightseeing during their stay in the province as well. Above, competitors work in unison in the displays as the festival prepares to start         A boy is suspended upside down from a pole held by two others as three watch on from behind during the festival
