Fast fashion! Watch magicians change costumes 18 TIMES in one minute to set new world record
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3827183/Fast-fashion-Watch-magicians-change-costumes-18-TIMES-one-minute-set-new-world-record.html
 14:55 BST, 7 October 2016 
A pair of magicians has smashed the world record for the most costume change illusions in one minute with their impressive on-stage routine.Avery Chin and Sylvia Lim, from Malaysia, completed a jaw-dropping 18 changes of costumes at a theme park in Wuhan, China, on September 28. Guinness World Records judge Charles Wharton attended the event to ensure all necessary rules were followed.       One important rule is that for each 'reveal' a completely new costume must be worn and there can be no evidence of the previous outfit.The grand finale saw Mr Chin throw a bag of glitter over his partner's head as she completed her last costume change illusion from a short blue dress into a long white gown.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       That's got to hurt! Fireman runs fund-raising half-marathon...    British man makes the world¿s smallest Rubik¿s cube which...    

Share this article
Share

 The world-record breaking event was live-streamed on Chinese video sharing site Youku.The previous record was won by fellow Malaysian magicians Vivas Magic at Sunway Pyramid, in Kuala Lumpur, who achieved 16 illusions in one minute only a few weeks ago.          A pair of magicians has smashed the world record for the most costume change illusions in one minute with their impressive on-stage routine         Avery Chin and Sylvia Lim, from Malaysia, completed a jaw-dropping 18 changes of costumes at a theme park in Wuhan, China, on September 28The impressive clip featuring Mr Chin and Ms Lim has been viewed more than one million times since being posted on social media.Reaction online was positive with most viewers amazed at the skill on display.  Kim Bratton wrote: 'That was wild!' Gerardo Guerrero added: 'The finale was great!'          Guinness World Records judge Charles Wharton attended the event to ensure all necessary rules were followed         One important rule is that for each 'reveal' a completely new costume must be worn and there can be no evidence of the previous outfit
