Now THAT'S a cliff-hanger! Spectacular new footage shows China's notorious mountain tunnel carved by 13 men with bare hands
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3815745/Spectacular-aerial-footage-shows-China-s-notorious-mountain-tunnel-carved-13-men-bare-hands.html
 16:19 BST, 30 September 2016 
This might be one of the most dangerous yet breath-taking car journeys in the world.A new drone video has emerged showing the dangerous mountain tunnel chiselled out of a vertical cliff in Taihang Mountains.The footage, posted to Youtube by CCTV News yesterday, is believed to capture the awe-inspiring Guoliang tunnel in central China's Henan Province.            more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  MP Charles Walker says 'ITV should stop making Jeremy Kyle Show'       Watch video  Nigel Farage defends where Brexit Party funding is coming from       Watch video  Student snatches the weave off his substitute teacher in AL       Watch video  Felicity Huffman arrives to court and is expected to plead guilty           Watch video  Lorry swerves into car in the left-hand lane on the M1       Watch video  IKEA advertise a kitchen area by putting it at monkeys disposal       Watch video  'We have to deliver Brexit urgently': Andrea Leadsom       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy           Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  Trump says it would be mistake if Iran do anything against U.S.       Watch video  Nigel Farage and New European editor Matt Kelly clash over Brexit       Watch video  Fergus Kenny blasted by Jeremy Kyle during show broadcast in 2016          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-17', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
            Before the tunnel was completed, the Guoliang village was connected to the outside with a path consisted of 720 stone steps              Secluded: Guoliang village, perched on a vertical cliff in central China, is connected to the outside world with a stone tunnel   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Terrifying moment a pack of giant black bears block tourists...    Loo with a view: Chinese tourist attraction opens public...    I can¿t BEAR it! Hilarious moment a panda cub faceplants to...    Quick-thinking Chinese doctor saves life of plane passenger...    Terrifying moment a massive landslide triggered by Typhoon...    Caught between a rock (fall) and a hard place: Adventure...    

Share this article
Share
105 shares

 The formidable Guoliang tunnel was hand-carved by 13 men from an ancient village perched on top of the cliff at an altitude of over 1,700 metres (5,500 feet).The 1,250-metre-long (4,100 feet) passage is the only way to drive to the 600-year-old Guoliang village, which perches on top of the 200-metre-tall (656 feet) cliff.Before the road was built in 1972, the only way for the local villagers to reach outside had been a perilous near-vertical path that consisted of 720 stone steps. Despite the tough natural surroundings, resilient locals have carved a tunnel in the mountain with their bare hands.          Dangerous: The 4,100-foot-long cliff-corridor was chiselled by 13 men with bare hands between the 1960s and 1970s       Hand-carved tunnel: It took the villagers five years to finish the tunnel, which is about 16 feet high and 13 feet wide         Incredible: Led by Shen Mingxin, the then head of the village, they sold goats and herbs to buy hammers and steel toolsThe Guoliang village, dubbed 'the most dangerous village in China', has been home to a small group of farmers for more than six centuries, according to People's Daily Online. Led by Shen Mingxin, head of the village at the time, a team of 13 men sold goats and herbs to buy hammers and steel tools.It took them five years to finish the winding tunnel, which is about five metres high (16 feet) and fours metre wide (13 feet).         The village, situated in the Taihang Mountains, has been home to a small group of farmers for more than six centuries         As one of the most secluded communities in China, the village is reported to have 83 families with a total population of 329The rocky road was made to be wide enough to be driven along, during which time they used up more than 12 tons of drill rods and 4,000 hammers. The corridor has 35 'windows' that were originally created to dispose of rock debris and to let in light and air, but these are now used as viewing posts for tourists.As one of the most secluded communities in China, the village is reported to have 83 families with a total population of 329. Guoliang village and its remarkable stone tunnel remained largely unknown to the world until recently when the heat of tourism reached the village. 
