'Really?' Trump steps up his attack on the Fed plan to raise interest rates accusing it of making the U.S. uncompetitive by strengthening the dollar
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5974919/Trump-steps-attack-Fed-plan-raise-rates.html
 15:48 BST, 20 July 2018 
President Donald Trump inveighed against interest rate hikes for the second consecutive day, claiming that the rising dollar is 'taking away our big competitive edge.'Trump's comments, a breach of the usual determination presidents take to steer clear of the independent Federal Reserve, come as Trump tries to boost exports by demanding trading partners lower tariff barriers.   'China, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge,' Trump vented on Twitter.'As usual, not a level playing field,' he wrote in the first of a pair of tweets.           President Donald Trump said he was 'not happy' about a series of interest rate hikes by the Federal ReserveTrump continued: The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U.S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due & we are raising rates - Really?' Trump wrote.         Trump tweeted about interest rates a day after complaining about the Fed         Debt coming due & we are raising rates - Really?' Trump wroteTrump made the statements online even as in a televised interview on CNBC he threatened to slap $500 million in tariffs on China in an escalating trade war.That would equal the amount of annual Chinese exports to the U.S. for the year. 'I'm ready to go to 500,' Trump said. On Thursday, the White House was forced to release a statement saying 'of course' President Trump respects the 'independence' of the Federal Reserve after he blasted the Fed's decision to raise interest rates.Trump denounced the rate hikes in an interview with CNBC, just the latest time he has strayed from the traditions normally observed by the president. He said he was 'not happy' about recent rate hikes. 'Of course the President respects the independence of the Fed. As he said he considers the Federal Reserve Board Chair Jerome Powell a very good man and that he is not interfering with Fed policy decisions,' according to a statement from the White House following broadcast of the interview.         The Fed is now chaired by Trump appointee Jerome Powell (r), whom Trump described as 'a very good man'Trump indeed said he had 'put a very good man in,' in reference to Powell, who succeeded Janet Yellen at the Fed. But the president also acknowledged he was aware of the traditions that president's typically allow the Fed to operate independently to ensure the smooth functioning of the world's largest economy.'Because we go up and every time you go up they want to raise rates again. I don't really — I am not happy about it. But at the same time I'm letting them do what they feel is best,' Trump said.         Trump made his comments in an interview with CNBC''But I don't like all of this work that goes into doing what we're doing,' he vented. The stock market, which usually favors cheap money and reacts negatively to rate hikes, fell, as did Treasury yields and the dollar in response to the president's comments, according to CNBC. Trump criticized the U.S. central bank in comments aired Thursday, saying its course of interest rate increases counteracted his efforts at growing the economy.The rare rebuke was likely to stir a backlash as it broke with the long-established practice of the executive branch not commenting on the Federal Reserve's decisions out of respect for its independence.         Jerome Powell, governor of the U.S. Federal Reserve and President Donald Trump's nominee as chairman of the Federal Reserve, speaks as Trump, left, listens during a nomination announcement in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Thursday, Nov. 2, 2017Hoping to keep a lid on inflation as the world's largest economy gathers pace, the Fed has raised its benchmark lending rate seven times since 2015 and expects two more rate hikes this year.Doing so slows growth, as it raises the cost of borrowing, but can also prevent the economy from overheating and tipping into recession.'I'm not thrilled,' Trump told CNBC in an interview aired Thursday. 'Because we go up and every time you go up they want to raise rates again.''I'm not happy about it. But at the same time I'm letting them do what they feel is best.'Trump said higher interest rates left the United States at a disadvantage when compared to the European Union and Japan, where easy money policies persist.The dollar index turned negative following the release of Trump's remarks, which were excerpted from a longer interview due to air Friday morning.The Fed is now chaired by Trump appointee Jerome Powell, whom Trump described as 'a very good man.'Economists say state intervention in the affairs of central banks can have disastrous consequences, leading to hyper-inflation and devalued currencies.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Hillary lashes out at Trump over refusal to rule out letting...    Flake suggests TREASON on the Senate floor saying Trump gave...    'I do hold him responsible': Trump now claims he CONFRONTED...    US STOCKS-Wall Street dips on weak earnings, renewed trade...      Inside Putin¿s hypersonic supermissile factory: Russia...    

Share this article
Share
51 shares

 Trump has taken credit for robust US economic performance since his election and championed December's sweeping tax cuts.But, with unemployment at historic lows and inflation on the rise, Powell has said the US economy is strong enough to weather the interest rate increases.       In congressional testimony this week, though, he expressed concern about Trump's confrontational trade policies.A number of factors, including inflation and higher interest rates, could soon counteract the fiscal stimulus, however, and economists say the risk of recession in the coming years is growing.Trump said he was unconcerned that his remarks might spark criticism as he was merely stating long-held personal views.'So somebody would say, 'Oh, maybe you shouldn't say that as president.' I couldn't care less what they say because my views haven't changed,' he told CNBC.'I don't like all of this work that we're putting into the economy and then I see rates going up.'
