China BLOCKS Game of Thrones final ever episode over Donald Trump’s trade war sparking outrage from millions of viewers
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9119080/china-blocks-game-of-thrones-trump-trade-war-outrage-viewers/
21st May 2019, 9:52 am
CHINESE Game of Thrones fans have been left fuming after the show's final episode was axed from the TV schedule at the last minute due to the ongoing US trade war.
Millions of excited viewers hoping to see who ends up on the Iron Throne received a message informing them the finale was cancelled just an hour before it was due to air.
AP:Associated Press4 The world watched as Game of Thrones drew curtains yesterday - but Chinese fans were left in the dark
AP:Associated Press4 HBO said the blackout was because of the trade war raging between Trump and China
Donald Trump toilet brushes explode in popularity in China amid trade war
Just 60 minutes before the hit HBO show was due to air, Tencent Video, which owns its streaming rights in China, broke the news on social media.
It wrote: "Dear users, we regret to inform you that the sixth episode of the eighth season of Game of Thrones will not go online at the intended time due to media transfer issues.
"We will keep you informed of the broadcast time."
But HBO told the Wall Street Journal that Tencent was barred from airing the episode due to the escalating trade war between China and the US.
A spokesman for HBO added the blackout wasn't a technical issue on the company's part.
Chinese fans were outraged at the decision, venting their frustration on China's most popular social media platform Weibo.
All those paying members and their trust, and this is how you repay them.Outraged Chinese Thrones Fan
Many demanded refunds for their memberships to Tencent and threatened to cancel their subscriptions as the rest of the world watched the hit fantasy show draw curtains.
One viewer didn't believe Tencent's reason for the postponement, probing: "Is it the result of the trade war between the US and China?"
Another viewer fumed: "All those paying members and their trust, and this is how you repay them."
The Chinese internet giant has heavily censored graphic Game of Thrones episodes.
It has removed scenes featuring sex and excessive gore, in line with Beijing's broader push to clean up content seen as vulgar or not in line with its socialist values.
Chinese viewers are charged 15 yuan per month or 198 yuan ($28.66) a year for access to some exclusive shows like GoT.
FANS FORCED TO PIRACY
While Chinese users couldn't watch the last episode from Tencent Video, many managed avoid state censorship by viewing pirated versions on other online platforms.
Plot points from the final episode had leaked on Weibo, with spoilers becoming some of the most popular discussions on the platform by Monday.
The show's sudden block is the latest blow dealt in the escalating trade war between China and the US.
Both countries have imposed harsh tariffs on imported goods, as US president Donald Trump and Chinese president Xi Jinping remain locked in a war of words.
Trump has accused China of "raping" US workers while Xi hit out against the "greed and arrogance" of the US and called for a "people's war" against Washington.
most read in newsDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
It comes as America flexes its military might by sending warships through the South China Sea, where Chinese forces have turned disputed islands into military outposts.
The current economic standoff - a result of crumbling trade talks - has been likened to the first shots being fired by the two nations.

Chief political commentator of the FT Philip Stephens described the trade dispute as "alarming" and China as a "threat" to the US.

AP:Associated Press4 Chinese viewers were told the final episode would not air just an hour before it was due to be broadcast
AP:Associated Press4 Trump and Chinese president Xi Jinping have been locked in an intensifying trade dispute


Drogon destroys the Iron Throne after Danearys is killed in Game Of Thrones 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

