Trump tells Americans to ‘sit back and watch’ $200billion tariff hikes on Chinese goods bring massive wealth to the US
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9047266/president-donald-trump-chinese-tariff-hikes-make-americans-rich/
10th May 2019, 3:26 pm
DONALD Trump has promised Americans that the $200billion tariff hikes on Chinese goods will make them rich.
The President said there was "absolutely no need to rush" trade negotiations as China is now paying billions more into the treasury.
Reuters4 Donald Trump has told Americans that the $200billion tariff hikes on Chinese goods will make them rich
4 Trump also claimed the new tariffs will help rather than hurt the US
4 The US is continuing its talks with China on Friday
Import taxes on products from 5,700 categories rose from 10 per cent to 25 per cent today.
The two countries are continuing the talks on Friday, which Trump insisted was going ahead in a "very congenial manner".
In a series of blustering tweets, Trump also claimed the new tariffs will help rather than hurt the US and bring "FAR MORE wealth."
He offered a proposal he said would ease any negative impact on US farmers from lost sales to China.
Trump tweeted: "Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier & quicker to do.
GET RICH QUICK
"Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
"Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER, not weaker. Just sit back and watch!
"In the meantime, China should not renegotiate deals with the US at the last minute."
A Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said Beijing is hoping the Trump administration will meet China "halfway" in the dispute over trade.
China said it would take unspecified countermeasures.
Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER, not weakerDonald Trump
Building materials, furniture, lighting products, internet modems, car parts and vacuum cleaners are all affected by the tariff hike.
Trump threatened the tax increases less than a week ago, tweeting that 10 per cent tax on certain goods would rise to 25 per cent on Friday, and $325bn of untaxed goods could face 25 per cent duties "shortly".
The President's tweet wiped nearly $1.5 trillion off global markets, with analysts saying that $13bn was lost for each of the 102 words in the tweet.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell about 400 points on Thursday - 700 points on the week - while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite also dropped.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
Early indications say that it will drop again by 90 points when markets open again this morning.
Japan's Nikkei index  slipped nearly one per cent after Trump doubled down on his threat earlier this week.
Since the tariff was increased this morning it has fallen 0.08 per cent.
AFP4 China's president Xi Jinping
President Trump hits out as China for ‘trying to renegotiate a trade deal’ as the US increases tariffs on $200b worth of Chinese goods

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




