China just banned the Bible from being sold online
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/5987001/china-banned-bible-sold-online/
6th April 2018, 9:16 am
CHINA has banned the Bible from being sold online as part of a major crackdown on Christianity.
The Orwellian measures were announced over the weekend, but have now taken effect – with the Christian holy book now no longer available on major Chinese retailer websites.
Alamy3 Major online retailers in China have scrubbed the bible from their websites
Websites that have stopped selling the Bible include Amazon China, Taobao and JD.com.
However, some retailers are still offering related materials – like illustrated story books, or academic analyses of the Bible.
It's part of China's bid to limit the country's growing religious scene, according to the New York Times.
In 2014, sociology professor Fenggang Yang predicted that China would become the "largest Christian country in the world very soon", overtaking the USA by 2025.
AP:Associated Press3 Chinese president Xi Jinping recently said that Buddhism was integral to Chinese people's cultural and spiritual life
China already had existing rules that meant that Bibles couldn't be sold at normal shops – only church bookstores were allowed to sell it.
But online sales provided a simple loophole for Chinese Christians to pick up the holy book.
Now new government religious regulations tightened the rules on both Christianity, barring online sales of the Bible too.
AP:Associated Press3 China is in talks with the Vatican to end a split between the Chinese government-run church and the global church
Speaking to The Sun, a Christian Solidarity Worldwide spokesperson said: "The ban is deeply concerning and part of a wider pattern of violations of the right to freedom of religion or belief in China, which includes unregistered 'house churches'.
"We are seeing unregistered Christian groups being forced to shut down, and in some cases church buildings have been completely demolished.
"At the same time, churches registered with the authorities are also being managed more tightly following the introduction of revised Regulations on Religious Affiars, which came into effect on February 1 this year."
China President Xi Jinping is waging a campaign to promote traditional values in China, including boosting Buddhism, Taoism and folk religion.
That's why it's still possible to buy other holy books online in China.
You can get the Taoist Daodejing and Buddhist sutras online very easily – and Islam's Quran too.
The Quran also has the Chinese equivalent of an ISBN, a numeric book identifer – which the Bible doesn't have in China.
MOST READ IN TECHLatestHUNG UP EE back up after five HOUR outage that left thousands unable to make calls ExclusiveNO WEI! EE, O2 and Vodafone slammed for selling Huawei phones 'that might not work' CORE OF THE PROBLEM? Apple engineer says pressure to design iPhone is reason I’m divorced SIRI THE SEXIST Siri encourages sexism by flirting with men who call her a sl*t, says UN BreakingLOGGED OFF Virgin Media gaffe that left thousands of Brits with no internet now 'fixed' ONE GIANT LEAK Secret Nasa plans for lunar base and 37 rocket launches to the Moon leaked 
China has been cracking down on Christianity for years.
From 2014 to 2016, the country removed 1,500 crosses from churches in one province.
Meanwhile, China has been subsidising Taoist music and folk pilgrimages.
A recent report suggested that there are six million Catholic worshippers and 38 million Protestant worshippers in China, although some believe that these figures only represent about half of the true total.
Do you think China should have the right to ban the bible from being sold online? Let us know in the comments!

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


