North Korea ‘gearing up for new nuclear test by digging underground tunnel’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5943783/north-korea-nuclear-tests-kim-jong-un-south-korea-japan/
31st March 2018, 11:35 am
NORTH Korea is gearing up for a new nuclear test by digging an underground tunnel, Japan has warned.
The country's Foreign Minister Taro Kono said: "[North Korea] is doing everything possible to prepare for the next nuclear test: it is currently extracting earth from an underground tunnel where the previous test was carried out."
Reuters3 North Korea is said to have begun digging an underground tunnel ahead of more tests, according to the Japanese Foreign Minister
The minister said previously the secretive state "does not reveal its intentions to the outside world in terms of denuclearization".
The claim comes just days after Kim Jong-un promised to bin his beloved nuclear weapons if he could be guaranteed security and US military threats against North Korea were to stop.
At the end of last year the tyrant declared his country a fully fledged nuclear power after launching a new missile he claimed was capable of hitting anywhere on the planet.
Nuclear devices are often tested underground to prevent radioactive material released in the explosion reaching the surface and contaminating the environment - this method also ensures a degree of secrecy.
AP:Associated Press3 The Yongbyon experimental light water reactor in North Korea, suggesting trial operations are under way
Laughing North Korea leader Kim Jong-un vows never to use nukes at historic first meeting with South Korea 
The release of radiation from an underground nuclear explosion – an effect known as "venting" – would give away clues to the technical composition and size of a country's device.
A test site is carefully geologically surveyed to ensure suitability - usually in a place well away from population centres.
The nuclear device is placed into a drilled hole or tunnel usually between 200-800m (650-2,600ft) below the surface, and several metres wide.
Last year a tunnel at an underground North Korean nuclear site was said to have collapsed.
Up to 200 people were thought to have died at the Punggye-ri nuclear test site in the north-east of the country.
The accident was believed to have been caused by Kim Jong-un’s sixth nuclear test which weakened the mountain, according to the report.
Barcroft Media3 North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a visit to Beijing, China, last week
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
Former Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon previously warned that Britain is at risk from North Korea’s long-range nuclear missile programme as some cities are closer than American targets.
Revised estimates suggest the total number of missiles the rogue state has is believed to be between 13 and 21.
And the regime is estimated to have at least four nuclear warheads.
Satellite images of Jong-un's main missile test site in August revealed North Korea's weapons were more powerful than initially thought.
Careful analysis of North Korean tests sites, using images from Planet, reveal the regime has been gradually building up the size of its missiles.
Chinese state media confirms President Xi Jinping and North Korea President Kim Jong-un have met for an unofficial meeting in Kim Jong-un's first state visit 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

