Kim Jong-un guzzled £144k alcohol during his three day trip to China… so how did the cheese-obsessed tyrant become such a big boozer?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5933580/kim-jong-un-china-president-xi-beijing-alcohol/
29th March 2018, 5:31 pm
KIM Jong-Un guzzled £144,000 worth of alcohol during his three day trip to China - but just how did the cheese-obsessed tyrant become such a big boozer?
Fascinating photos show the North Korean despot being wined and dined by President Xi in Beijing in his first foreign visit since taking power.
AFP3 North Korean leader Kim Jong Un was treated to a lavish welcome by Chinese President Xi Jinping during a secretive trip to Beijing
The 35-year-old "Supreme Leader" of the world's most isolated country sipped on a luxury brand of Chinese "baijiu"  - a strong clear spirit described by expats as "brake fluid".
Photos show one particularly lavish reception meal, with each attendee served four plates and two platters for their meal.
Even Kim's arrival was cloaked in luxury, with pictures showing the inside of the tyrant's booze-filled bulletproof train.
The train was said to be filled with food and expensive champagne designed to accommodate the tyrant's lavish tastes.
AFP3 Kim Jong-Un is said to have enjoyed thousands of pounds worth of food at a lavish state visit to China
Reuters3 North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and wife Ri Sol Ju, and Chinese President Xi Jinping and wife Peng Liyuan eat at a beautifully decorated table
The controversial dictator is known for his expensive tastes and is believed to spend £21 million each year importing booze from abroad.
Educated in Switzerland, the Hennessy-swilling autocrat imports luxury cigarettes and Japanese Kobe beef at £77 per pound while the average wage in North Korea is £1,200 per year.
Kim is also known to be obsessed with Emmental cheese, which he developed a taste for at boarding school in Switzerland as a young boy.
Last year a North Korean defector - known as Oh - was found to have a 10 inch parasite in his intestine which experts claim is a result of North Koreans being forced to use human faeces to fertiliser crops, a practice known to spread parasites and disease.
North Korea experienced a brutal famine in the 1990s when many starved to death while defectors claimed some resorted to cannibalism to stay alive.
MOST READ NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
Also pictured sipping Chinese luxury liquor was Kim Jung Un's wife mysterious wife Ri Sol Ju.
The former singer stranger to luxury and is frequently photographed carrying Dior and Chanel handbags while donning Red Valentino and Tiffany.
The impoverished dictatorship’s first lady is believed to model her fashion style after Kate Middleton.
The visit to China is seen to herald a “glasnost” and could lead to more wining and dining of the world’s most notorious dictator as neighbouring Japan scrambles to organise another opulent meeting between the delegates from the two states.
North Korea's state media release a video of its leader Kim Jong Un heading to China by train

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


