Inside the shockingly cruel world of the planet’s 49 ruling dictators who hack off criminals limbs, gas innocent kids and even EAT their political rivals
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5930173/dictators-cruellest-worst-world-deaths-killed-enemies-boiled-jailed/
29th March 2018, 4:57 pm
CHINA's leader Xi Jinping last month banished term limits to establish himself as the country's leader for life and confirm his position as one of the world's most powerful dictators.
He now officially joins a dubious list of 48 other men who rule their countries with an iron fist and regularly kill and torture anyone who gets in their way.
10 Kim Jong-un and Vladimir Putin's abuses include the torture of dissenters
According to Freedom House's annual report, there are 49 dictators, or heads of authoritarian regimes, in existence today.
Based on their rankings, Syria's Bashar al-Assad is the worst in the world, restricting freedoms across every spectrum of the country, with North Korea's Kim Jong-un ranked not far behind.
Many of these are located throughout Africa, where longtime strongmen rule countries such as Equatorial Guinea, Swaziland and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Incredibly, Equatorial Guinea's leader Teodoro Obiang has been accused by political opponents of skinning his enemies alive - then devouring their TESTICLES.
10 China and Equatorial Guinea also have dire human rights records
10 Bashar al-Assad tops the list with the worst possible ranking
Others, such as Russia's Vladimir Putin and China's Xi Jinping, rule over some of the most powerful countries on the planet. This is because both men routinely order their state security services to jail, kill and torture their political opposition and critics.
Many also still exist in the Middle East. Syria's cruel leader Bashar al-Assad has waged a six-year civil war against rebels that has left some 400,000 dead. To do this he's used chemical weapons, as well as barrel bombs and cluster munitions.
In South-East Asia, Myanmar's military leader General Min Aung Hlaing has in recent months overseen slaughter of an estimated 43,000 Rohingya.
Thousands more of the minority, located in the country's rural west, have been dragged from their homes and forced across the border to Bangladesh while government soldiers destroy their towns.
10 The leaders of Swaziland and Myanmar have overseen the torture and killing of thousands
10 Iran and Eritrea also abuse their citizenry
The leaders of central Asia's Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan fare no better. And it was only a few years ago that Uzbeki dictator Islam Karimov - who was notorious for boiling his enemies alive - passed away.
Kim Jong-un became North Korea's third "Supreme Leader" in 2011 aged just 26 and immediately took off where his father and grandfather - both murderous tyrants in their own right - left off.
He has executed scores of officials and extended family members who he deemed untrustworthy to effectively cement his grip on power and instill fear in anyone doubting his capability to reign.
The heavy-smoking dictator - who is said to love European cheeses and Bordeaux's finest red wines - also rules with complete disregard for the famine killing thousands of his citizens.
He also presides over the country's notorious gulags, where thousands of political prisoners are tortured, starved, worked to death, killed and raped.
Russia's long-standing strongman is a dictator in all but name, having spent the past 18 pulling the strings of power in various forms.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Fresh from winning his latest rigged election, he has become embroiled in a standoff with the democratic world having likely ordered the poisoning of Sergei Skripal in Salisbury on March 4.
Putin has also carried out land grabs of the Crimea, Ukraine, and parts of Georgia, and propped up dictator Bashar al-Assad's murderous regime in Syria.
Domestically he's jailed political opponents on trumped up charges, where they face torture - including one particularly grim method of giving electric shocks to a prisoner's earlobes which is dubbed the "Phone Call to Putin".
10 Pictured is Mauritanian leader Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz, left, and Congolese President Joseph Kabila
10 Uzbekistan President Shavkat Mirziyoyev, left, and Turkmenistan's President Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow
10 Cameroon's Paul Biya, left, and Chad's Idriss Deby also rule over authoritarian regimes
10 Kazakhstan's president Nursultan Nazarbayev, left, and Venezuela's Nicolas Maduro - who is the only Latin American leader on the list
10 Pictured is Oman tyrant Sultan Qaboos, left, and Yemeni President Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

