The Chinese gave Kim Jong-un some VERY unflattering nicknames during his three day trip to the country… and the reason why is bizarre
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5932463/kim-jong-un-visit-china-nicknames-fatty-obese-social-media/
29th March 2018, 3:56 pm
CHINA banned all mention of Kim Jong-un on the internet during his secret visit, so Chinese citizens called him "fatty on the train" instead.
The tubby tyrant went on an "unofficial visit" to Beijing earlier this week, which China finally announced yesterday.
Reuters2 The Chinese came up with some very unflattering nicknames for Kim Jong un during his visit to Beijing
In an attempt to keep the visit under wraps earlier this week, China censored the characters for "Kim Jong -un" and "North Korea" from the country’s internet.
Longstanding Chinese nicknames for the rotund North Korean leader, such as "Fatty Fatty" were also rendered invisible online.
But ever enterprising internet users in the country came up with other monikers for the portly despot such as "fatty on the train" and "the obese patient”, reports Business Insider.
Others used more diplomatic language, like "the visitor from the north-east" and "the sibling next door".
AP:Associated Press2 The tubby tyrant was dubbed the 'Fatty on the train' after arriving on his family locomotive in the Chinese capital
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk What happened to Agnese? Mystery of waitress bundled into car by Brits outside Costa club EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? WHO'S THE VLADDY? Vladimir Putin's rumoured lover 'gives birth to twins in VIP clinic' ‘HEINOUS ABUSE’ Girl, 3, dies after being 'raped and battered by stepdad while mum watched' 
Since the visit ended, references to Kim and North Korea have reappeared on the Chinese web.
On Tuesday, four of the top 10 blocked terms on China’s answer to Twitter Weibo were "Kim Jong-un," "Fatty the Third," "North Korea," and "Fatty Kim the Third," according to FreeWeibo, a site that tracks censorship on the platform.
China probably knew to censor those nicknames because it had done so after North Korea complained about jibes about their stout leader's weight.
Beijing temporarily barred terms like "Kim the Fat," "Kim Fat III," and "Kim Fatty III" from the internet in late 2016, as people joked about the communist leader's weight gain.
Pyongyang had asked China to scrub the unflattering nicknames at the time, Hong Kong media reported.
Chinese state media confirms President Xi Jinping and North Korea President Kim Jong-un have met for an unofficial meeting in Kim Jong-un's first state visit 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

