Trump says he’s got total faith Kim Jong-un will ‘do what’s right’ and ditch his nukes as he claims pair can’t wait to meet
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5925018/trump-says-hes-got-total-faith-kim-jong-un-will-do-whats-right-and-ditch-his-nukes-as-he-claims-pair-cant-wait-to-meet/
28th March 2018, 5:55 pm
DONALD Trump says he’s got total faith Kim Jong-un will "do what’s right" and ditch his nukes as he claims pair can’t wait to meet.
The North Korean leader has spent four days in Beijing, arriving in a specially armoured train to meet with China’s president Xi Jinping.
Reuters3 The North Korean leader has spent four days in Beijing, arriving in a specially armoured train to meet with China’s president Xi Jinping
In response to the meeting, Trump wrote on Twitter: “Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me.”
Kim is due to hold summit meetings with South Korea and with Trump in May to discuss lifting sanctions and ditching his nukes.
This would be the first time a sitting US president has ever met with a North Korean leader.
Beijing has traditionally been the closest ally of the secretive and isolated hermit kingdom and Kim reportedly travelled to China at Xi’s request.
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2018


AP:Associated Press3 In response to the meeting, Trump wrote on Twitter: 'Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me.'
Reuters3 Kim is due to hold summit meetings with South Korea and with Trump in May to discuss lifting sanctions and ditching his nukes
During their meeting Kim committed to denuclearisation if the United States and South Korea showed “goodwill”.
And Trump responded on social media: “For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility.
“Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong-un will do what is right for his people and for humanity.
“In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!”
But he signed off on a happier note, saying that he’s looking forward to meeting Kim face to face.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement: “The Chinese government contacted the White House earlier on Tuesday to brief us on Kim Jong-un’s visit to Beijing.
“The briefing included a personal message from President Xi to President Trump, which has been conveyed to President Trump.
“We see this development as further evidence that our campaign of maximum pressure is creating the appropriate atmosphere for dialogue with North Korea.”

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

