Kim Jong-un shakes hands with China’s ironman Xi Jinping on FIRST foreign trip as he commits to ditching nukes
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5917151/north-korea-kim-jong-un-china-xi-jinping-nuclear/
28th March 2018, 8:46 am
THIS is the historic moment Kim Jong-un shook hands with China's ironman president Xi Jinping - as he vowed to ditch his nukes.
Bejing officials confirmed the chubby leader visited for four days - his first foreign trip since taking power in 2011.
China Xinhua News17 The historic moment Kim Jong-un shakes hands with China's ironman Xi Jinping
The North Korean tyrant arrived in Beijing in a specially armoured train on an "unofficial visit" to meet Chinese leader Xi Jinping, staying from Sunday to Wednesday this week.
Xi held talks with Kim at the Great Hall of the People, and he and his wife Peng Liyuan hosted a banquet for Kim and his wife Ri Sol-ju.
Kim said at the banquet: "I have had successful talks with General Secretary Xi Jinping on developing relations between the two parties and the two countries, our respective domestic situation, maintaining peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula, and other issues."
They also watched an art performance together, local news reported.

What we know so far...

Kim Jong-un travelled in secret on a bullet-proof train, arriving in Beijing to meet with Chinese leader Xi Jinping this week
The world leaders held talks on their respective domestic situations, as well as maintaining peace in the area
The discussions opens the door to possible nuclear disarmament, with Kim pledging to ditch his weapons of mass destruction
It wasn't all business - the pair also took time out to watch an arts performance
Kim hasn't met another foreign leader since he took power in 2011

AP:Associated Press17 Kim's wife Ri Sol-ju (left, next to her husband), and Chinese President Xi Jinping (middle right) next to his wife at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing
Reuters17 The leaders even shared a 'cheers' moment
CCTV17 The controversial leaders shook hands for TV cameras during the landmark four-day meeting, from Sunday to Wednesday
CCTV17 They held talks in the Chinese leader's lavish banquet hall
Reuters17 The leaders' wives become acquainted as they meet in Beijing
Reuters17 Kim gave a speech saying the leaders had successful talks over bringing their two countries closer together
Reuters17 North Korean leader Kim Jong-un meets with Chinese President Xi Jinping
Reuters17 Chinese President Xi Jinping was at the table of discussions
Reuters17 Kim is believed to have arrived via this dark green bullet-proof train, spotted arriving in Beijing
The unofficial visit and meeting is thought to have to been made at the Chinese leader’s request.
Kim also committed to denuclearisation if the United States and the South showed "goodwill", it was reported - as he prepares for talks with Donald Trump to avoid nuclear war.
Analysts say Kim would have consulted with his Chinese ally ahead of his planned meetings with Mr Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in.
Isaac Stone-Fish, an expert in Korea-China relations, told CSBN: "This is a very big deal.
"It's the first time he's met another head-of-state, and also the first time he's travelled out of the country since taking power in 2011."
Earlier this week, footage from Nippon News Network showed a green train carriage with yellow horizontal lines, part of a 21-car train, similar to the kind that Kim's late father, Kim Jong-il, rode when he visited Beijing in 2011.
​Has North Korean leader Kim Jong Un visited Beijing after a diplomatic train arrived from Pyongyang?
AP:Associated Press17 Kim and his wife Ri wave from a car as they bid farewell to Chinese counterpart Xi and his wife
AP:Associated Press17 China's Xinhua News Agency released this pic of Kim Jong-un at the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Reuters17 The pair were pictured walking and talking together
AFP17 Kim Jong-un insists he wants to talk peace... others believe he just wants to buy time to complete his beloved missile programme
Reuters17 The North Korean leader had plenty of time to enjoy the journey as the train only travels at 37 mph
AP:Associated Press17 This picture shows a military honour guard marching away after a convoy of vehicles enter the the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse where top North Korean leaders have been known to stay on previous trips to Beijing
Beijing has traditionally been the closest ally of secretive and isolated North Korea.
 But Kim Jong-un is due to hold summit meetings separately with China's rivals, South Korea and the United States.
Last night, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement: "The Chinese government contacted the White House earlier on Tuesday to brief us on Kim Jong-un's visit to Beijing.
"The briefing included a personal message from President Xi to President Trump, which has been conveyed to President Trump.
"The United States remains in close contact with our allies South Korea and Japan.
"We see this development as further evidence that our campaign of maximum pressure is creating the appropriate atmosphere for dialogue with North Korea."
South Korea's presidential Blue House said: "The government is closely communicating with relevant countries and monitoring the situation."
It is reported that a special train passed through the Chinese border city of Dandong.
AP:Associated Press17 A motorcade arrives at Beijing railway station on Tuesday as Kim arrives
The rail journey from there to Beijing covers more than 680 miles. 
It takes at least 14 hours by ordinary service, according to Chinese railway timetables.
A video that aired on NTV also showed a motorcade of black limos waiting at the train station and rows of Chinese soldiers marching on what appeared to be a train platform.
Visits to China by Kim's father Kim Jong-il were only confirmed by both China and North Korea once he had left the country.
Kim Jong-il travelled by private train during his rare visits to China or Russia under tight security.
MOST READ IN NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall DYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Diplomats and other sources have said Kim Jong-il avoided flying for overseas trips due to security concerns.
The younger Kim, who was educated in Switzerland, is not known to have any fear of flying and state media have shown pictures of him aboard a plane.
But he is not known to have travelled outside the country since assuming power in late 2011 after his father's death.
President Trump formally accepts Kim Jong Un's invitation but all sanctions and pressures remain 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

