China sends massive navy for South China Sea war games after President Xi Jinping vowed to wage ‘bloody battle’ for world domination
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5912359/china-sends-massive-navy-for-south-china-sea-war-games-after-president-xi-jinping-vowed-to-wage-bloody-battle-for-world-domination/
27th March 2018, 1:51 pm
DOZENS of Chinese ships are exercising this week with an aircraft carrier in a show of force off Hainan Island in the South China Sea.
Pictures, provided by Planet Labs Inc, show a Chinese carrier group has entered the trade route as part of combat drills.
Reuters3 Satellite pictures have spotted Chinese ships operating in the South China Sea
The Chinese navy claims the movements are part of routine annual exercises, according to Reuters.
The Liaoning carrier group last week traversed the Taiwan Strait, according to the Taiwanese defence ministry.
The photos, taken yesterday, show what appear to be at least 40 ships and submarines flanking the carrier Liaoning in what some analysts described as an unusually large display of the China’s expanding fleet.
They have emerged less than a week after Chinese President Xi Jinping said his country is prepared to fight bloody battles to retain its right as a superpower.
Reuters3 The photos, taken yesterday, show what appear to be at least 40 ships and submarines flanking the carrier Liaoning
Sailing in a line formation more suited to visual propaganda than military manoeuvres, the flotilla was headed by what appeared to be submarines, with aircraft soaring overhead.
Security expert at the California-based based Middlebury Institute of Strategic Studies, Jeffrey Lewis, said the images showed the first confirmation that the carrier was joining the drills.
He said: "That’s the big news to me. Confirmation that, yes, the carrier participated in the exercise."
While the Liaoning has previously entered the South China Sea as part of drills in uncontested training grounds south of Hainan, its annual exercises are closely watched by regional and international powers eyeing Beijing's growing military might.
It is unclear where the flotilla was headed, or how long operations will last.
AFP or licensors3 Chinese President Xi Jinping said last week his country is prepared to fight bloody battles to retain its right as a superpower
Collin Koh, a security expert at Singapore's S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies, described the deployment as unusual for its size and scope.
"Judging by the images, it does seem they are keen to show that elements of the South Sea Fleet are able to routinely join up with the carrier strike group from Dalian in the north," he said.
"It does seem they want to show inter-fleet interoperability - something the (Chinese) navy has been quietly working on for some time."
Chinese naval and coast guard forces have expanded rapidly in recent years and now patrol the vast swathes of the South China Sea, but little is known about their combat readiness and co-ordination.
Koh said as well as the destroyers, frigates and submarines that would ordinarily support a carrier, the flotilla appeared to include a large oiler for re-supply as well as smaller corvettes and possibly fast attack catamarans.
"While it highlights an extensive ability to deploy, we are still left to guess at the PLAN's combat readiness," Koh said.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk What happened to Agnese? Mystery of waitress bundled into car by Brits outside Costa club EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? WHO'S THE VLADDY? Vladimir Putin's rumoured lover 'gives birth to twins in VIP clinic' ‘HEINOUS ABUSE’ Girl, 3, dies after being 'raped and battered by stepdad while mum watched' 
As well as Vietnam, China's claims in the South China Sea are disputed by the Philippines, Malaysia and Brunei while Taiwan also has claims.
The exercises come amid fresh signs of tension in the resource-rich waterway, with Vietnam recently halting oil exploration off its coast by Spanish firm Repsol under pressure from Beijing.
Beijing also objected to a so-called freedom of navigation patrol by a U.S. warship last week close to one of its artificial islands in the Spratlys archipelago further south.
China allows leader Xi Jinping to remain 'president for life' 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

