Xi Jinping warns China is ready to fight ‘bloody battles’ in a sabre-rattling bid to retain China’s status as a world superpower
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5857430/xi-jinping-china-president-super-power/
20th March 2018, 4:09 pm
PRESIDENT Xi Jinping said China was prepared to do "bloody battle" to retain its status as a global superpower.
He sent a strong warning to Taiwan and Hong Kong, both self-governed regions China wants as its own.
AFP or licensors2 Chinese President Xi Jinping said his country is prepared to fight bloody battles to retain its right as a superpower
Jinping, who can rule for life after scrapping presidential term limits, said: "Every inch of our great motherland absolutely cannot and absolutely will not be separated from China."
Speaking in front of nearly 3,000 members of the National People's Congress, he added: "All acts and tricks to split the motherland are doomed to failure and will be condemned by the people and punished by history!"
Xi is set to shape China for the coming decades after the historic legislative session that abolished presidential term limits to allow him to rule for as long as he wants.
Xi stressed the absolute leadership of the ruling Communist Party of which he is head in all aspects of Chinese life.
Getty - Contributor2 Chinese university students are learning to shoot as President Xi said any attempts to 'split the motherland' will be 'doomed with failure' and punishment
That authority is central to Xi's vision of a confident, rising China with him at the helm to tackle challenges that include slowing growth, risky excessive borrowing, tensions with rival Taiwan.
Xi said the mainland would continue to promote "peaceful unification" with Taiwan.
The island's 23 million residents are strongly in favour of maintaining their de facto independent status, but Xi has warned a Taiwanese envoy that the issue of unification cannot be put off indefinitely.
Keep up to date with all news on ChinaS**T SHOE Shoe firms warn Donald Trump’s China trade war could send trainer prices soaring EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? 5G WHIZ Has Google blocked Huawei from Android apps and is 5G coming to the UK? REAL-LIFE JURASSIC PARK Walkers find 66m-year-old DINOSAUR eggs covered in red mud in China HITTING HARD China admits Donald Trump trade war will cost it $123 BILLION TRADING BLOWS US-China trade war: How did it start, what is at stake, what has Trump said? 
Now that he has made it possible to be president-for-life, Xi seems determined to bring Taiwan under Beijing's control during his time in office.
"Xi is consumed by hubris," said Willy Lam, an expert in Chinese politics at the Chinese University in Hong Kong.
He added: "Now that he's made himself emperor-for-life, he might be feeling impregnable on the foreign policy front, and this is very dangerous."

