Shock vid of boss’s ‘sex romp on boardroom table’ is FAKE NEWS with two workers arrested for ‘false rumours’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5804134/china-boss-broadcasts-sex-colleague-forgets-hang-up-conference-call/
14th March 2018, 9:44 am
THE shock video of a boss and junior colleague romping on a boardroom table has been debunked as fake news with two workers arrested for the "false rumours".
The suspects face defamation charges as well as further punishment for spreading the rumours after they allegedly shared the footage.
AsiaWire3 The shock video has been debunked as fake news and two people have been arrested for spreading false rumours
The pair, a man surnamed Tang and a woman surnamed Wang, were arrested on March 13 after police were made aware of the viral video.
Information shared with the clip claimed the couple involved were a senior manager at China Southern Power Grid’s Guangzhou headquarters, as well as a female staff member who worked under him.
The post, which even featured a picture circling the two allegedly involved, claimed the manager had left the camera on following a conference call, with the office romp then recorded by another colleague.
China Southern Power Grid, which is one of two state-owned power providers, is pressing charges against Tang and Wang, both 30, who have since admitted to spreading the rumours online.
AsiaWire3 Information shared with the clip claimed the couple were a manager and junior colleague at the power company in China
AsiaWire3 The case as well as the origin of the footage is still under investigation.
Tang, however, was quoted as saying he "heard rumours" of a sex scandal at their Guangzhou office but did not reveal where he obtained the footage used to illustrate it.
It currently cannot be confirmed who the people in the footage actually are.
Wang told the police that she "further dramatised" the rumours and shared them to major web forums online.
The clip has since been scrubbed from Chinese social media sites by censors.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWS S**T SHOE Shoe firms warn Donald Trump’s China trade war could send trainer prices soaring 'THE BEST OF TIMES' When does Ramadan 2019 end, what is the holy month and when is Eid? HANDS FREE Japanese women use anti-groping app that blasts 'help me there's a molester' EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker 
The case as well as the origin of the footage is still under investigation.
As a result of the candid clip, the phrases "Southern Power Grid" and "Use Love to Make Power" have become two of the most blocked terms on the Chinese social media site Weibo.
The phrases have even surpassed "constitutional change" and "Xi Jinping" after laws were passed allowing the Chinese leader to remain president for life, according to Free Weibo.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


