Donald Trump’s tariffs on $200billion of Chinese goods kick in today as Beijing vows to strike back
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9043919/donald-trumps-tariffs-china-200billion-chinese-goods-kick-in/
10th May 2019, 9:48 am
DONALD Trump's fresh round of tariffs on $200billion of Chinese goods have today kicked in.
China had threatened to strike back if Trump raised taxes, threatening to impose countermeasures against the US.
The Mega Agency4 Donald Trump's fresh round of tariffs on $200billion of Chinese goods have today kicked in
4

Import taxes on products from 5,700 categories rose from 10 per cent to 25 per cent on Friday morning.
Building materials, furniture, lighting products, internet modems, car parts and vacuum cleaners are all affected by the hike.
Trump is hoping to increase pressure on Beijing after complaining talks on a US-China trade deal are moving "too slowly".
American and Chinese negotiators met for last-ditch talks in Washington on Thursday.
Trump threatened the tax increases less than a week ago, tweeting that 10 per cent tax on certain goods would rise to 25 per cent on Friday, and $325bn of untaxed goods could face 25 per cent duties "shortly".
'MOVING TOO SLOWLY'
The move marked a major escalation in trade tensions between the world's two largest economies and a shift in tone from Trump, who cited progress in talks as recently as Friday.
“For 10 months, China has been paying tariffs to the USA of 25% on 50 billion dollars of high tech, and 10% on 200 billion dollars of other goods,” Mr Trump said in his tweet.
“These payments are partially responsible for our great economic results. The 10% will go up to 25% on Friday. 325 billions dollars of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed, but will be shortly, at a rate of 25%.
“The tariffs paid to the USA have had little impact on product cost, mostly borne by China. The trade deal with China continues, but too slowly, as they attempt to renegotiate. No!”
MORE TO COME
The President's tweet wiped nearly $1.5 trillion off global markets, with analysts saying that $13bn was lost for each of the 102 words in the tweet.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell about 400 points on Thursday - 700 points on the week - while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite also dropped.
Early indications say that it will drop again by 90 points when markets open again this morning.
Japan's Nikkei index  slipped nearly one per cent after Trump doubled down on his threat earlier this week.
Since the tariff was increased this morning it has fallen 0.08 per cent.
CRISIS TALKS
The announcement cast doubts on earlier expectations that China and the United States were closing in on a deal to end a trade war that has slowed global growth and disrupted markets.
Negotiations aiming to break the current impasse are expected to continue today, the White House said.
Analysts say that the meeting has prevented markets from falling even deeper on Friday.
Trump wants to keep some, if not all, of the existing tariffs on China as part of any final trade deal to ensure China lives up to its commitments, a White House official said on Sunday.
Mindful of his 2020 re-election bid, Trump suggested the measures were not leading to price increases for US consumers.
Tariffs on Chinese goods are actually paid to the US by the companies importing the goods.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
Most of those companies are US-based.
American businesses, while largely supportive of Trump's crackdown on China's trade practices, are eager for the tariffs to be lifted, not increased and expanded.
"Raising tariffs means raising taxes on millions of American families and inviting further retaliation on American farmers," said Christin Fernandez, a spokeswoman for the Retail Industry Leaders Association.
AFP4 China's president Xi Jinping
4 The Dow Jones index fell around 700 points on the week. The numbers represent the combined stock value of the US's 30 largest blue chip companies like Coca Cola and Disney
President Trump hits out as China for ‘trying to renegotiate a trade deal’ as the US increases tariffs on $200b worth of Chinese goods

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




