These eight chilling weapons could hold the key to China’s £1 TRILLION bid to become world’s most feared nation by 2050
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5786954/these-eight-chilling-weapons-could-hold-the-key-to-chinas-1-trillion-bid-to-become-worlds-most-feared-nation-by-2050/
13th March 2018, 1:29 pm
CHINA is to increase its military spending by more than eight per cent to £127bn- as it battles to become THE world superpower.
The news comes as President Xi Jinping works to increase both the sophistication and reach of his country's military might.

10 China's true spend on its military may never be known

He has vowed to make China the world’s most powerful fighting force by 2050...and he could well be on track to do just that.
China’s military (PLA) has gone from strength-to-strength in recent years - thanks to trillions of pounds in investment.
This year it has demonstrated new capabilities in stealth fighter jets, drones, naval ships and advanced missile systems.
While China still lags behind the US in overall military capability, it is clearly rapidly closing the gap.






AP:Associated Press10 President Xi Jinping (left) has massive ambitions for his country's military
In April, the PLA launched its first domestic made aircraft carrier, followed closely by the launch of a "world class" destroyer.
Then it revealed its' newest stealth fighter - the state-of-the-art J-20  was combat-ready.
But most worrying for the West are revelations its Dong Feng-41 intercontinental ballistic missile is poised to go into service.
This doomsday weapon is capable of carrying 10 iindependently targeted nuclear warheads as far as 10,000 miles.
Travelling at incredible speed it can hit the US mainland in just 10 minutes.
Here are the weapons China believes will change modern warfare forever...





10 This 'doomsday' weapon can reach the US mainland in just 10 minutes
NUKE ALERT With an estimated range of 10,000 miles, the Dong Feng -41 tramples over many of its rivals.
The missile can hit every corner of the earth, allowing China to counter any nuclear strike on the country.
Just one of these missiles, equipped with 10 warheads, could destroy a major city or the military capacity of the United States.
The PLA boasts test launches have had a 100 per cent success rate.
Experts say the DF-41 is simply the most powerful nuclear missile in the world and describe it as the “ultimate doomsday weapon”.
US equivalent: The Minuteman III ICBM

10 The J-20 is equipped with two separate engine systems and is 'invisible' to radar
SUPER STEALTH Powered by two jet engines, the J-20 has more power than other stealth fighters, while also having the ability to survive an engine failure.
Hidden in the aircraft’s body are three large weapon bays which carry air-to-air missiles, anti-ship and air-to-surface missiles and bombs.
The J-20 is also believed to be equipped with full 360 degree optic detection systems - to allow the pilot to look in all directions.
It's also reported the J-20s is invisible to radar, allowing it to shoot down opposing aircraft or unleashing imissiles without being detected.

"The stealth jets will improve the air force's fighting ability and enable it to better safeguard China's sovereignty," said Shen Jinke of the PLA.
US equivalent: The F-35 Lightning II fighter


10 The 055 warship has been built to be a game changer in the Pacific
CRUISE CONTROL There was only one aim when China built the Type 055 Destroyer -to make it the best warship on the planet.
And it's weaponry certainly makes impressive reading.
The destroyer is armed to the teeth with HQ-9B anti-aircraft missiles, YJ-18A anti-ship missiles and CJ-1000 land attack cruise missiles.
The battleship can also be fitted with Yu-8A anti-submarine missiles.
The Type 055 threatens the balance of power in the Indian and Pacific oceans, where the US navy has long been dominant .
US equivalent: The Arleigh Burke-class 

10 The H-6M is equipped with state-of-the-art weaponry
BOMBS AWAY China's only heavyweight bomber is the H-6M and like its main rivals uses a stand-off attack, in the form of the nuclear capable CJ-20 cruise missiles.
However, at the moment it is not capable of targeting the mainland US - and would be used to attack enemies close to home.
Despite its archaic looks, the H-6M is still equipped with state-of-the-art weaponry and guidance systems.
Chinas also has a squadron a lightweight bombers whose role is to target foe further afield.
US equivalent: The B-52 bomber

10 The Liaoning is home to more than 2,000 crew
HOME BUILT At more than 300 metres long the mighty Liaoning would dwarf the majority of skyscrapers if it was a building.
It is home to more than 2,000 crew and weighs in at more than 60,000 tonnes.
In battle it will carry 24 J-15 fighter jets, nine Z18 early warning aircraft and 8 anti-sun helicopters.
Its weaponry includes the Hongqi surface-to-air missile system and cannon with 11 barrels and a range of more than a mile.
The ship's radar system can track 200 targets in the air up to 100 miles away.
US equivalent: USS George H.W. Bush

10 The 'Flying Shark' was built to take on the US Air Force
HORNET RIVAL The J-15 'Flying Shark' is one of several Chinese-developed derivatives of Russia’s Sukhoi Su-27 Flanker family.
It has been built to be a word-class fighter jet capable of rivalling the US Air Force's proven fleet of Hornets.
The nose cone is home to a highly advanced radar system which connects directly to its weapons systems.
Those weapons include wingtip launchers which house air-to-air missiles.
The highly developed stealth fighter is also capable of ship and tank attacks.
US equivalent: The F/A18 Hornet

10 The deadly Wing Loong has a maximum flight speed of 180mph
DANGER DRONE The Wing Loong (Pterodactyl) is a medium-altitude, long-endurance drone developed to attack the enemy from a safe distance.
It can be armed with a variety of  weapons including laser-guided bombs and missiles to attack and destroy air or ground-based targets.
The weaponry options include AKD-10 air-to-surface anti-tank missile, BRMI 90mm guided rockets and FT-7/130 130kg bombs.
The drone has a maximum flight speed of 180mph, can operate over a range of 2,500 miles and fly up to a maximum height of three miles.
Like all drones it is remotely controlled by an operator on the ground.
US equivalent: The Predator drone

10 China easily has the largest fighting force in the world
PEOPLE POWER Technology is one thing but military experts say real fighting strength is still down to the actual number of troops on the ground.
And wars of attrition traditionally favour those with more numbers on their side.
This is where China really does come into its own.
Not only does it have 2.3m active troops it also has another 1.5m in reserve.
Since coming to power in 2012, Jinping has pushed for a stronger combat-ready military, while leading efforts to centralise the Communist Party's control over it.
US equivalent. 1.3m active service men and women

