Executions, torture and chilling ‘black jails’ – how Chinese President Xi Jinping keeps his iron grip on power that could see him rule for life
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5790925/chinese-president-xi-jinping-executions-torture-and-chilling-black-jails/
12th March 2018, 7:11 pm
AS China’s Xi Jinping tightens his iron grip on power, his government continues to murder its enemies and censor its people.
Since assuming power in 2012, President Xi and his Communist Party have presided over massive restrictions on basic human rights and freedom of expression.
AP:Associated Press5 Chinese ruler Xi Jinping is a man the world will come to increasingly to know all too well
In 2015, the UN Committee against Torture confirmed that the one-party state had failed to eliminate torture, enforced disappearances and deaths in custody.
China also holds the dubious title of being the world’s leader in executions although the exact number of its citizens which are killed remains a state secret.
The government, free from the restrictions of a democratic system, has introduced a Cybersecurity Law which clamps down on outlets which do not conform to the party line, reports Human Rights Watch.
The world second largest economy has long limited its citizens’ access to information online.
Getty Images - Getty5 In an historic vote, Chinese lawmakers abolished presidential term limits and paved the way for Xi Jinping to rule indefinitely
Most notably, the regime has wiped away any trace of the 1989 massacre in Beijing's Tiananmen Square where hundreds, and possibly thousands, of anti-government protesters were murdered.
The Communist Party continues to use so-called “black jails” – free from any kind of judicial process – to imprison petitioners and political activists, reports Time.com.
President Xi has also introduced his controversial “tigers and flies” anti-corruption campaign which he has used to eliminate political opponents.
The campaign has led to accusations of torture, coerced confessions and even suicides by those who are being investigated.
AFP or licensors5 A woman walks past a poster of Chinese dictator Xi Jinping beside a street in Beijing
EPA5 Souvenirs with portraits of Chinese President Xi Jinping and former Chinese tyrant Mao Zedong are displayed at a souvenir shop
Getty - Contributor5 Millions died under Mao Zedong and after his rule ended in 1976 China avoided having an all-powerful dictator... until now that is
MOST READ IN NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
 
Many civil society groups have also been shut under Xi’s authoritarian rule as the government seeks to stomp out any collective which may gain some kind of political power.
An example of this was the domestic abuse group the Beijing Zhongze Women’s Legal Counselling and Service Centre – an organisation which had operated for more than two decades but was closed by police in 2016.
China is also regularly named as the “world’s worst jailer of the press” by the Committee to Protect Journalists.
The Communist Party also restricts religious practice to five religions which are recognised by the state.
Many other faiths are classed as “evil cults” while President Xi warned against “overseas infiltrations through religious means,” in 2016.
China allows leader Xi Jinping to remain 'president for life' 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

