Donald Trump spells Chinese President Xi Jinping’s name WRONG as he boasts about their chat
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5774547/donald-trump-misspell-xi-jingping-twitter-phone-north-korea/
10th March 2018, 4:09 pm
DONALD Trump spelt Chinese president Xi Jingping's name wrong - minutes after they discussed his upcoming historic meeting with Kim Jong-un.
The US President was boasting about his chat with the Chinese President on Twitter, calling him "XI XINPING".
AFP2 Donald Trump hailed Chinese President Xi Jingping after their phone call
Trump claimed he and Jingping "spoke at length" about his upcoming meeting with Kim Jong-un.
He said the Chinese leader had thanked him for accepting the historic invictation, which will avoid an "ominous" nuclear crisis.
Trump posted on Twitter: "Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea.
"President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!"
 
@realDonaldTrump2 Donald Trump tweets about meeting Kim Jong Un after speaking to Xi Jinping
Trump's tweet comes hours after he confirmed, on Twitter, that a meeting with the North Korean leader is "in the making".
He said: "The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World."
President Trump formally accepts Kim Jong Un's invitation but all sanctions and pressures remain 
Chinese state media said the meeting resulted from Chinese efforts. The People's Daily newspaper claimed the US "profusely thanked and put high importance on China's important role".
The White House did not reveal further details of where or when the discussion would take place as officials themselves were caught off guard by Trump's dramatic announcement.
MOST READ WORLD NEWSS**T SHOE Shoe firms warn Donald Trump’s China trade war could send trainer prices soaring 'THE BEST OF TIMES' When does Ramadan 2019 end, what is the holy month and when is Eid? HANDS FREE Japanese women use anti-groping app that blasts 'help me there's a molester' EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker GAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack ME-OUCH Cat owner's face swelled & she ended up in hospital after scratch caused reaction What happened to Agnese? Mystery of waitress bundled into car by Brits outside Costa club SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed 
Sarah Sanders, White House spokeswoman, said: "We look forward to the denuclearization of North Korea. In the meantime, all sanctions and maximum pressure must remain."
Top US diplomat, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, was on his first official trip to Africa when the announcement was made.
He told reporters the decision to meet Mr Kim was one "the president took himself".

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


