China’s futuristic military is an even bigger threat than previously thought, top Pentagon official admits
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5750380/chinas-futuristic-military-is-an-even-bigger-threat-than-previously-thought-top-pentagon-official-admits/
7th March 2018, 4:57 pm
A LEADING Pentagon official has warned China is secretly creating futuristic weapons capable of wiping out the west’s military technology.
General Robert Ashley, Director of the US Intelligence Agency, said Beijing's might is one the greatest threats currently posed to the US.
AP:Associated Press8 China has never been shy when showing off its growing military might
Reuters8 General Robert Ashley now believes the nation is huge threat to the west
He warned China is already developing a range of deadly weapons, including long-range cruise missiles capable of reaching supersonic speeds.
The military leader added the rising superpower is also working on a new bomber would give Beijing a deadly trinity of land, air and sea-based nukes.
The warning comes less than a week after Russian President Vladimir Putin unveiled new strategic weapons that he claimed couldn’t be intercepted.
But according to Ashley, the threat China poses is just as dire adding its military is developing capabilities to “dissuade, deter or defeat” any enemy.

Getty - Contributor8 China's first aircraft carrier Liaoning which was launched in 2016... more are being built
8 The weapon uses powerful magnets to sling warheads down its barrel and into the air

“China and Russia present the greatest threat of developing new military capabilities using emerging and disruptive technologies,” he said.
China’s technologies includes multiple independently targetable re-entry vehicles (MIRVs), manoeuvring warheads, decoys, chaff, jamming and thermal shielding.
“Developments in hypersonic propulsion will revolutionise warfare by providing the ability to strike targets more quickly, at greater distances, and with greater firepower,” Ashley said.
“China is also developing increasingly sophisticated ballistic missile warheads and hypersonic glide vehicles in an attempt to counter ballistic missile defence systems.”
8
Most worryingly, he warned the People’s Liberation Army Rocket Force is capable of conducting nuclear strikes against targets as far away as Guam, which is over 4000 kilometres from Beijing.
“These capabilities are being augmented with two new air-launched ballistic missiles, one of which may include a nuclear payload,” he warned.
“The PLA Navy is developing into a global force, gradually extending its ability to sustain its operational reach beyond East Asia.”
China reveals new hyper sonic strike fighter
AP:Associated Press8 Chinese President Xi Jinping has vowed to invest billions into his country;s military
Earlier this week, China unveiled its largest rise in defence spending in three years as it bids to dominate the world with a vast superpower military.
The 2018 defence budget will be 1.11trillion yuan (£127billion), according to a bombshell report issued at the opening of China's annual meeting of parliament.
The defence spending figure is closely watched around the world for clues about China's strategic intentions as it develops new military capabilities, including stealth fighters, aircraft carriers and anti-satellite missiles.
China has also been developing a whole next-generation battery of weapons including hypersonic missiles and electromagnetic railguns.
Military bosses are bent on transforming the armed forces into the world’s most powerful and have set a target of 8.1 per cent growth.
Reuters8 Soldiers take part in a massive military parade to mark the 90th anniversary of China's People's Liberation Army (PLA)
In July China sent a clear message to the world when it staged an awesome display of  might in the biggest military parade ever to mark the 90th anniversary of the People's Liberation Army.
The military build-up is certainly rattling the nerves of its neighbours, particularly because of its increasingly assertive stance in territorial disputes in the Himalayan border regions and Taiwan. 
But it is South China Sea where war may well break out - potentially sucking in the US Navy and air-force.
Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Brunei argue they also own parts of the sea that are contested.
The region contains strategic sea lanes and has rich fishing grounds along with trillions of pounds worth of oil and gas deposits.
8 The disputed South China Sea is where many war experts believe a conflict could break out
 
President Jinping has previously pledged not to “militarise” the disputed region.
But US military officials claim “hundreds” of surface-to-air missiles, airbases and naval ports have been built on seven artificial islands in the disputed area by Beijing.
Premier Li Keqiang told the opening session in an address, China will "advance all aspects of military training and war preparedness, and firmly and resolvedly safeguard national sovereignty, security, and development interests". 
But diplomats say China's defence numbers probably underestimate true military spending for the People's Liberation Army, the world's largest armed forces, which are in the midst of an impressive modernisation programme overseen by Xi.
MOST READ IN NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
State media has quoted experts as saying that China needs at least six carriers - an endeavour expected to take decades.
The United States operates 10 and plans to build two more.
Britain's Royal Navy is set to operate two super-carriers, within one carrying out sea trials and the other still under construction in Fife, Scotland.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

