China hell bent on becoming the world’s most powerful country as it boosts military spending to a whopping £127billion
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5727150/china-military-news-power-budget-spending-weapons/
5th March 2018, 3:28 pm
CHINA has today unveiled its largest rise in defence spending in three years as it bids to dominate the world with a vast superpower military. 
The 2018 defence budget will be 1.11trillion yuan (£127billion), according to a bombshell report issued at the opening of China's annual meeting of parliament.
AP:Associated Press9 The Chinese are coming... rich from Western firms outsourcing factories to their nation, the government is ploughing the money it makes into its military
The defence spending figure is closely watched around the world for clues about China's strategic intentions as it develops new military capabilities, including stealth fighters, aircraft carriers and anti-satellite missiles.
China has also been developing a whole next-generation battery of weapons including hypersonic missiles and electromagnetic railguns.
Military bosses are bent on transforming the armed forces into the world’s most powerful and have set a target of 8.1 per cent growth.
Sam Roggeveen, a visiting fellow at the Strategic and Defence Studies Centre of the Australian National University in Canberra, said: "The pace and scale of this build-up is really dramatic.
9
 
Reuters9 Soldiers take part in a massive military parade to mark the 90th anniversary of China's People's Liberation Army (PLA)
“It is extremely alarming for Australia and many other countries in the region."
In July China sent a clear message to the world when it staged an awesome display of  might in the biggest military parade ever to mark the 90th anniversary of the People's Liberation Army.
The military build-up is certainly rattling the nerves of its neighbours, particularly because of its increasingly assertive stance in territorial disputes in the Himalayan border regions and Taiwan. 
But it is South China Sea where war may well break out - potentially sucking in the US Navy and air-force.
Mr Roggeveen said: "There is every indication that China wants to expand what it will call defence capabilities in the South China Sea. 
“I expect eventually we will see warships and aircraft there regularly, if not based there permanently."
9 The disputed South China Sea is where many war experts believe a conflict could break out
Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Brunei argue they also own parts of the sea that are contested.
The region contains strategic sea lanes and has rich fishing grounds along with trillions of pounds worth of oil and gas deposits.
 Chinese President Xi Jinping has previously pledged not to “militarise” the disputed region.
But US military officials claim “hundreds” of surface-to-air missiles, airbases and naval ports have been built on seven artificial islands in the disputed area by Beijing.
Reuters9 What appear to be anti-aircraft guns and what are likely to be close-in weapons systems (CIWS) on the artificial island Johnson Reef in the South China Sea
Reuters9 The artificial island Fiery Cross Reef is also bristling with weaponry
Reuters9 A closer look at Fiery Close Reef shows China appears to have created an airbase - the island is essentially as powerful as an aircraft carrier
Premier Li Keqiang told the opening session in an address, China will "advance all aspects of military training and war preparedness, and firmly and resolvedly safeguard national sovereignty, security, and development interests". 
But diplomats say China's defence numbers probably underestimate true military spending for the People's Liberation Army, the world's largest armed forces, which are in the midst of an impressive modernisation programme overseen by Xi.
China reveals new hyper sonic strike fighter
MOST READ IN NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
9 The weapon on this ship uses powerful magnets to sling warheads down its barrel and into the air
Getty - Contributor9 China's first aircraft carrier Liaoning which was launched in 2016 and is expected to enter service in 2020... more are being built
State media has quoted experts as saying that China needs at least six carriers - an endeavour expected to take decades.
The United States operates 10 and plans to build two more.
Britain's Royal Navy is set to operate two super-carriers, within one carrying out sea trials and the other still under construction in Fife, Scotland.
China shows off its deadly ‘long sword’ ground-to-air missiles capable of blitzing US military bases

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

