China shows off its deadly ‘long sword’ ground-to-air missiles capable of blitzing US military bases
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5698301/china-shows-off-its-deadly-long-sword-ground-to-air-missiles-capable-of-blitzing-us-military-bases/
28th February 2018, 11:25 pm
CHINA has shown off deadly 'long spear' missiles which it claims can reach US military bases.
The deadly DF-10 ground-based weapons have a range up to 930 miles - putting American bases in South Korea and the Japanese island of Okinawa in range.
People's Daily6 A deadly DF-10 fired from a rocket launching truck has the capability of reaching US military bases in Japan and South Korea
Chinese state media published footage of supposed missile firing tests from rolling missile launcher trucks.
DF-10 missiles – also known as CJ-10s – can carry nuclear warheads weighing up to 500kg.
They can be mounted on missile trucks, submarines or warships and some variations also incorporate stealth technology, supersonic speeds and the ability to take out warships.
President Xi Jinping has demanded his army be ready to "win any war" with the People's Liberation Army ramping up its military firepower.
Earlier this month we revealed how China now has the ability to strike enemy targets with millimetre-level precision after sending Beidou 3 satellites into orbit to boost its space-based navigation system.
People's Daily6 Chinese state media released video of the weapons - as it continues to show off its deadly arsenal
AP:Associated Press6 Chinese President Xi Jinping inspects troops in June last year
AP:Associated Press6 China has been amassing a sizeable army in recent years
Getty - Contributor6 There is a tense relationship between the US and China with wrangling over territory
AFP - Getty6 China is said to be developing an underwater surveillance system
Its deadly arsenal includes magnetic rail guns, hypersonic missiles, J-20 stealth jets and surveillance submarines.
There are also rumours it could be developing a terrifying ship-mounted rail gun that could significantly upgrade the country's naval warfare capabilities.
And it is planning to build "hypersonic heavy bombers" that could fly between Beijing and New York in just two hours.
Top strategist David Roche, president at Independent Strategy, says it is "almost inevitable" that China and US will have a Cold War level clash, with global repercussions.
MOST READ IN NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall DYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
China's fleet of fighters and bombers conduct a daily "aggressive campaign" of sorties close to the US Pacific territory and incursions into Japanese air space.
China claims the South China Sea as its own by right – ownership disputed by the US and their allies in Asia.
Amazing aerial photos taken earlier this month reveal how China has turned a string of disputed islands into fortresses bristling with military hardware.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

