China’s insanely powerful leader Xi Jingping just scrapped term limits for presidents allowing him to be a Chairman Mao-style ‘dictator for life’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5675588/chinas-insanely-powerful-leader-xi-jingping-just-scraped-term-limits-for-presidents-allowing-him-to-be-a-chairman-mao-style-dictator-for-life/
26th February 2018, 3:08 pm
CHINA's communist party has cleared the way for President Xi Jingping to stay in office for life.
The party has proposed scrapping term limits for the country's insanely powerful leader, meaning he could rule beyond 2023.
AP:Associated Press4 China's communist party has cleared the way for President Xi Jingping (pictured) to stay in office for life
The surprise move, revealed yesterday, is the boldest yet by Jingping as he seeks to restore China to what he considers its rightful place as a global power — an agenda that his allies have suggested requires his leadership.
Jingping cemented his status as the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao Zedong in the 1970s at last year's twice-a-decade Communist Party congress.
During that congress his name and a political theory attributed to him were added to the party constitution as he was given a second five-year term as general secretary.
Since taking office more than five years ago, Jingping has overseen a radical shake-up of the party, including taking down top leaders once thought untouchable as part of his popular war on deep-rooted corruption.
Getty - Contributor4 Jingping cemented his status as the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao Tse-Tung (Mao Zedong), pictured, who was communist leader from 1893 to 1976
AFP or licensors4 This photo shows Chinese President Xi Jinping waving at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. He could now rule beyond 2023
AP:Associated Press4 Donald Trump chats with Xi Jinping during a welcome ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing
The announcement proposed to remove from the constitution the expression that China's president and vice president "shall serve no more than two consecutive terms".
China's official newswire, Xinhua, reported: “The Communist party of China central committee proposed to remove the expression that the president and vice-president of the People’s Republic of China ‘shall serve no more than two consecutive terms’ from the country’s constitution,”
Jingping, 64, had already built expectations that he would stay in office past two terms - and some analysts said he must have decided to move while at peak political strength.
Usually, authority begins to ebb from Chinese leaders as retirement nears.
Jude Blanchette, an expert on Chinese politics, told the New York Times: “I can see where his thinking is that he’s riding high, he’s got the momentum, and took the initiative to ram this through.
“Why risk diminished power three years from now if the economy tanks or there’s a conflagration with North Korea, and not have the ability to do it?”
most read in newsZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
In another victory for Jingping, the draft amendments to the Constitution would add his trademark expression for his main ideas - “Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era” -  into the preamble of the Constitution.
The proposed amendments would also authorise a new anti-corruption commission that Jingping has pushed.
The commission would expand the reach of corruption investigations, which up to now have mostly been conducted by a Communist Party agency acting largely beyond the law.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

