Intelligence chiefs give green light for Huawei tech in UK’s new 5G network despite fears over state-sponsored spying
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/8934028/huawei-intelligence-chiefs-green-light-5g-spying/
25th April 2019, 1:39 am
INTELLIGENCE chiefs have cleared China’s Huawei to help build Britain’s 5G phone network despite spying fears.
Ciaran Martin, boss of the National Cyber Security Centre, said the threats to the UK’s networks are “bigger than one company”.
Reuters2 GCHQ chief Jeremy Fleming said which country a tech supplier came from was not the most important factor
GCHQ chief Jeremy Fleming said which country a tech supplier came from was not the most important factor. He added: “It’s a hugely complex challenge which is going to span the next few decades.
“How we deal with it will be crucial for prosperity and our security.”
The National Security Council, chaired by the PM, approved Huawei’s involvement in  less sensitive areas of 5G after being briefed by the intelligence services.
Chancellor Philip Hammond backed the move as he travelled to Beijing for a meeting hosted by  President Xi Jinping  today.
The Sun SaysBRITAIN cannot ignore our allies in our clamour for a superfast new 5G network.
America, Australia and New Zealand have barred China’s Huawei from being involved in theirs. Canada may do too.
That would leave us out on a limb among the “Five Eyes” intelligence ­alliance in ignoring fears that a tech giant so close to the Chinese state could be used for spying.
Theresa May was rightly worried about China’s investment in the Hinkley Point nuclear plant, let alone a vast new communications system.
She has had assurances from our spy chiefs that any threat can be contained. Fair enough. But is it worth spooking our closest friends in the world? Their fears are not groundless. The PM and GCHQ will need to convince them too.
Mrs May must decide fast, though.
The price of being left behind over 5G will be huge.

'LIKE GIVING BEIJING A LOADED GUN'
But the UK’s “Five Eyes” allies — Canada, Australia, the US and New Zealand — fear it could let China spy on  mobile networks or launch cyber attacks.
Bob Seely MP yesterday called the decision “incomprehensibly short-sighted”. Fellow Tory Tom Tugendhat added: “If you nest a dragon in critical infrastructure, even if it’s a sleeping dragon, you still have a risk built in.”
US  cyber security adviser Rob Joyce warned it was like giving Beijing a loaded gun.
MOST READ IN POLITICSBreakingNO DEAL FOR STEEL British Steel COLLAPSES after funding fail putting 25,000 jobs at risk BACK TO THE POLLS Who are the UK candidates running in the European Parliament elections? FARAGE CASH PROBE EU to investigate Nigel Farage over £450,000 donation from Arron Banks BAD BUS-INESS Poorer Brits 'giving up jobs or college places due to cuts in bus services' CARE CAP CALL Dominic Raab will put £100k lifetime cap on OAP care costs if he becomes PM FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April 
He said there were concerns about “very, very shoddy” practices at the company and added: “There have been some really horrific reports about the quality of that activity and what’s being produced.”
Huawei insists it is private, not government owned.  Critics say it must still report to Chinese intelligence
Reuters2 Rob Joyce, a cyber security advisor to the USA’s National Security Agency, warned giving contracts to Huawei was like giving Beijing a 'loaded gun'
SECURITY LEAK FURYCABINET ministers could be probed over the leaking of   details about Huawei’s involvement in 5G.Discussions of the National Security Council were made public within hours of Tuesday’s meeting. Senior MPs said the leak breached the Official Secrets Act as well as the ministerial code and demanded a criminal inquiry.
Ex-deputy PM Damian Green branded it as  “irresponsible and unforgivable”, adding: “Anyone who has ever had anything to do with security is furious.” Downing Street did not comment.

Spying fears over Huawei 50x super-zoom feature that turns your phone into 'portable telescope'


GOT a story? RING The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk



