Lefties may hate Trump but he’s our guest, ally, and leader of the free world
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8932970/donald-trump-rod-liddle-opinion-visit-labour-politicians/
25th April 2019, 12:08 am
ANOTHER week, another reason for thousands of smug, virtue-signalling middle-class lefties to take a day off work and instead attend another bloody protest in London.
Hell, they’ve had a busy few months of it. Anti-Brexit march, save the world march and now Donald Trump.
Getty Images - Getty7 Screaming lefties will undeniably come together and protest Trump's arrival
The President of the United States of America is coming here on a state visit on June 3.
It’s a commemoration of D-Day, when we remember our joint victory over Nazism. A day both countries can be justly proud of, even if we were led by Winston Churchill, who the lefties now think was a racist scumbag.
There will be protests on the streets against Trump. These liberals cannot bear to hear people who have a different view to themselves.
They’ll have that stupid blimp of the President dressed as a baby, because they think that’s a real hoot.
It will be an act of discourtesy of course — but anything for another day off work. They’re not the ones who bother me, though. It’s some of our elected politicians.
Already grandstanding and wafting their virtue and leftie credentials around.
Demanding Trump should not come, or should not be given a state visit, or should not be allowed to address Parliament.
SCREAMING BLUE MURDER
Of course he should be afforded all three. He’s the President of our closest ally and the leader of the free world.
He’s also still very popular in the US and will more than likely win a second term of office.
Whatever you think of his policies, and most Americans seem to like them. he’s a man who we need to keep as our friend. But Labour politicians have been screaming blue murder.
First, the deranged David Lammy MP. In a typically restrained and thoughtful contribution, this grotesque idiot said that by inviting Trump over here, Theresa May was “selling out the UK to a serial liar and cheat”.
Labour’s Shadow Foreign Secretary, that vast ball of self-regard Emily Thornberry, has also been putting the boot in.
And then there’s the London Mayor Sadiq Khan and Speaker of the House of Commons John Bercow, who since taking up the job is by convention labelled a former Conservative.
You pompous little toad, Bercow. You had no problems with Chinese dictator Xi Jinping addressing Parliament, did you?Rod Liddle
The two dwarves — Chippy and Snooty.
Khan seems to spend most of his time vilifying the US President rather than preventing Londoners from stabbing each other to death.
And the ludicrous Bercow has been telling whoever will listen that Trump does not have a right to address the House of Commons.
He then added that “our” opposition to racism and sexism were “hugely important considerations” when deciding if he should address MPs or not.
You pompous little toad, Bercow. You had no problems with Chinese dictator Xi Jinping addressing Parliament, did you?
And yet you cavil at the same opportunity being given to an ally, a democratically elected President.
HAVE SOME RESPECT
When will the left grow up? When will it lose its arrogance and intolerance?
You may not like Donald Trump or his policies, but you treat the man with respect and dignity because of his office.
Because of what he represents. And because he is a guest.
But instead they use his visit as an opportunity to show off their right-on credentials and their hideous intolerance of opposing views. I hope Trump does address Parliament and gives the MPs a good kicking in his speech.
Hell, you have to say they deserve it.
All the right noises
POLITICAL speech of the year – maybe of the decade – came from an unlikely source.
The former Revolutionary Communist Party member, Claire Fox.
Reuters7 The former Revolutionary Communist member, Claire Fox, gave the political speech of the year
She has just announced she is standing for election for the Brexit Party – led by Nigel Farage, a man with whom she has little in common, politically.
Except for one thing – a love of democracy. “Without democracy, we are voiceless subjects,” she said.
And she added: “I am standing in solidarity with the millions of citizens whose voices and votes have been traduced and trashed.”
Exactly right, Claire. And good luck to you.
Just as vileTHE horrible murder of Muslims at a mosque in New Zealand was driven by a vile ideology.And everyone was enjoined, rightly, to condemn that ideology.
The Islamist murders of Christians in Sri Lanka were also driven by a vile ideology.
Why are people much less prepared to say as much?

Same old hellhole
A WOMAN has woken up after almost THREE DECADES in a coma.
Munira Abdulla was 32 when she was involved in a car crash.
Khushnum Bhandari for The National7 Munira Abdulla was cradling her son to save him during a car crash before she fell into a coma
She’s now 60 and has been in a hospital in the UAE for 28 years. Imagine that.
Her first words were to speak the name of her son. Dunno what the next ones were. Probably something like: “I asked for a cup of tea in 1991. Is it bloody well ready yet?”
Think of all the changes she’s got to cope with.
Back in 1991 the UAE was a sand-blown desert hellhole with no democracy and no freedom for women.
My, how the world has changed.
Self-identifying shipsSHIPS should no longer be referred to as “she”, according to the boss of a museum in Ayrshire.David Mann, director of the Scottish Maritime Museum, has gone around the museum altering all references to ships as being “she” and replacing the word with “it”.
That’s hundreds of years of history being rubbed out because of political correctness.
“We’ve got to move with the times,” Mr Mann said.
No you don’t, mate.
Anyway, what if the ship self-defines as a woman?
Didn’t think of that, did you? And shouldn’t you change your own surname just to get hip and with it even more? Mr David Thing.
 

Making a Gret point
FOR once, Corbyn is right. No, not Magic Grandpa. It’s hard to imagine him being right about anything, except maybe by accident.
I’m talking about Jeremy’s brother Piers.
Matthew Chattle / Barcroft Media7 Piers Corbyn said that Jeremy was wrong to take notice of Swedish campaigned Greta Thunberg
He’s a scientist who has doubts about man-made climate change.
And he attacked politicians – including his own brother – for taking any notice of the 16-year-old Swedish campaigner Greta Thunberg.
She is wrong about climate change, he said.
And he added: “Listening to an ignorant, brain-washed child is deranged.”
Getty Images - Getty7 16-year-old Greta Thunberg is the most listened-to voice on climate change since she went viral for refusing to go to school for the cause
Baa-lancing act
THERE’S a weird tourist site in Morocco, near the city of Marrakech.
People flock there to see goats in trees. The animals are supposed to climb the trees.
Caters News Agency7 These tree climbing goats may well have been hoisted up, and people flock to see them - maybe I'll follow suit
But now it’s been revealed local farmers may hoist them up – before charging trippers to photograph them. I don’t know how they keep the goats fixed in the branches.
Maybe a staple gun, or something. But it’s given me an idea.
There are lots of sheep round my way.
I could nail a few to my roof and charge people to look at them.
7th century Saudi ArabiaIT’S been party time in Saudi Arabia once again.
This week the fun-lovin’ government beheaded 37 people. And one bloke was crucified.
I don’t know what he’d done to get special treatment. Crucifixion – it’s a doddle, isn’t it?
And the time in Saudi Arabia is . . .  just coming up to the 8th century.

Stretch a point . . .
WE print this photograph solely in order to warn you of the dangers of something called “cultural appropriation”.
This blonde lady is called Christine McGuinness. She is performing a yoga position which I think is called the “backscuttle”.
BackGrid7 Christine McGuinness is the perfect example of the dangers of 'cultural appropriation'
Yoga is a sacred Indian form of meditation.
And some Indians get very cross if it is turned by westerners into something slightly less holy. Just thought you should know.
​US President ​Donald Trump has accused the UK of helping the Obama administration spy on him
 

