The Queen is ‘set to invite Donald Trump for a full state visit on 75th anniversary of D-Day this June’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8813100/the-queen-donald-trump-full-state-visit-75th-anniversary-d-day-june/
8th April 2019, 1:24 am
THE Queen is set to invite Donald Trump for his first full state visit on the 75th anniversary of D-Day in June, reports claim.
Downing Street and the White House are likely to make a formal announcement within days following secret talks, according to The Sunday Times.
Getty Images - Getty4 Queen Elizabeth meets President Trump and First Lady Melania during his previous visit in July
AFP4 The Queen is set to invite Donald Trump for a full state visit on the 75th anniversary of D-Day in June, reports claim
The US President could reportedly be treated to an official banquet at Buckingham Palace and a carriage procession down the Mall during his second official trip.
His first visit as US president, in July last year, triggered widespread protests across Britain and saw the flight of the unflattering Trump baby blimp.
The two-day trip was classed as a working visit, rather than a full state visit, as it was not hosted by the Queen.
During his time in the UK, Trump enjoyed a dinner at Blenheim Palace with Prime Minister Theresa May and met with the Queen at Windsor castle, before jetting off to Scotland to play golf.
It is understood that the second planned trip could look very different thanks to the pomp and pageantry that are the hallmarks of a full state visit.
QUEEN WOULD BE OFFICIAL HOST
The monarch would act as the official host for the duration of the trip and Trump would expect to stay at either Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle.
This trip is likely to coincide with the start of the 75th anniversary of the D-Day Landings in the Second World War and the Battle of Normandy.
Trump also plans to visit France in the same month to commemorate the country's liberation by allied forces during the Second World War.
It is understood that Buckingham Palace, which would have to issue the formal invitation on behalf of the Queen, has been told about the discussions.
Plans for the visit come after a rare meeting between the Queen and US ambassador Woody Johnson, which is thought to have taken place last month.
Last week John Bolton, Trump's national security adviser, said the UK will be "top of the queue" for a trade deal with America following its exit from the EU.
FIRST TRIP SPARKED PROTESTS
Trump's previous trip caused a political headache for Mrs May after he gave an exclusive interview to The Sun in which he blasted her approach to the Brexit negotiations.
He warned that her so-called Chequers plan would “definitely affect trade with the United States, unfortunately in a negative way”.
Trump said: “I would have done it much differently. I actually told Theresa May how to do it but she didn’t agree, she didn’t listen to me. She wanted to go a different route.
“The deal she is striking is a much different deal than the one the people voted on.”
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
On the day the interview was published, Trump and May held talks at Chequers, after which he wrongly labelled our bombshell interview with him “fake news”.
However, Trump later attempted to repair the Special Relationship and admitted he had apologised for his remarks in The Sun.
He gushed: “This incredible woman right here is doing a fantastic job.”
AFP4 Queen Elizabeth lays a wreath during a France-UK D-Day commemoration ceremony at the British War Cemetery of Bayeux on June 6, 2014, marking the 70th anniversary of the World War II Allied landings in Normandy
US President Donald Trump says Theresa May is ​'strong and tough​'​ as Brexit battle continues
Getty - Pool4 Queen Elizabeth II and China's president  Xi Jinping during his state visit in 2015

