Prince Charles to host Donald Trump for afternoon tea during his first state visit to the UK next month
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9118087/prince-charles-donald-trump-afternoon-tea-state-visit-uk/
20th May 2019, 11:16 pm
PRINCE Charles will host Donald Trump during the US President’s first full state visit to the UK next month, reports claim.
Trump will join Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, for afternoon tea at their official residence Clarence House, according to CNN.
Getty - Contributor6 Prince Charles will host Donald Trump during the US President’s first full state visit
Getty Images - Getty6 Trump and his wife Melania will be guests of the Queen during a three-day visit starting on June 3
The unexpected meeting could prompt a heated debate as Charles and Trump have contrasting views on the environment.
Charles also reportedly refused to meet with the US President during his two-day working visit to the UK last July that sparked widespread protests across the country.
This year, Trump and his wife Melania will be guests of the Queen during a three-day visit starting on June 3 to mark the 75th anniversary of D-Day.
Trump could be treated to an official banquet at Buckingham Palace as well as an official exchanging of gifts.
But the Trumps are not expected to stay at Buckingham Palace - unlike Mr Obama and his wife Michelle - because of £369million renovations taking place.
The meeting with Charles is likely to take place on the first date of his visit, according to reports.
The pair have previously met in New York during the prince's 2005 tour to the US.
Charles was also at former president George HW Bush's funeral in December, where Mr Trump was present.
PRINCE AND THE PRESIDENT
They both share very different views on a subject that is close to the prince’s heart – the environment.
While the prince has called climate change "the wolf at the door", Trump has called it a "Chinese hoax".
Charles warned against "potentially catastrophic global warming" in a speech during a tour of the Caribbean in March.
"We demand the world's decision-makers take responsibility and solve this crisis," he said.
The Trump administration, by contrast, has been accused of deprioritising the issue, withdrawing from the Paris climate accords in 2017.
IVANKA COULD FLY IN
The Sun revealed that Trump’s daughter Ivanka is also expected to come to Britain next month as part of the visit.
Ministers have sparked fevered speculation the ‘First Daughter’ will be on the plane by circulating plans for a ‘women’s economic empowerment’ strategy.
Trump is expected to hold a bilateral meeting with Theresa May during his trip in June and to attend a ceremony in Portsmouth to commemorate the 75th anniversary of D-Day.
Campaigners are again hoping to fly a blimp, depicting the US president as a nappy-wearing baby, over London after it was hoisted in Parliament Square during protests last year.
FIRST TRIP SPARKED PROTESTS
Trump's previous trip caused a political headache for Mrs May after he gave an exclusive interview to The Sun in which he blasted her approach to the Brexit negotiations.
He warned that her so-called Chequers plan would “definitely affect trade with the United States, unfortunately in a negative way”.
Trump said: “I would have done it much differently. I actually told Theresa May how to do it but she didn’t agree, she didn’t listen to me. She wanted to go a different route.
“The deal she is striking is a much different deal than the one the people voted on.”
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
On the day the interview was published, Trump and May held talks at Chequers, after which he wrongly labelled our bombshell interview with him “fake news”.
However, Trump later attempted to repair the Special Relationship and admitted he had apologised for his remarks in The Sun.
He gushed: “This incredible woman right here is doing a fantastic job.”
A spokesman from Clarence House declined to comment on Mr Trump's visit.
US President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania join the Queen at Windsor Castle for tea
Getty Images - Getty6 Queen Elizabeth meets President Trump and First Lady Melania during his previous visit in July
AFP6 The Queen has invited Trump for a full state visit on the 75th anniversary of D-Day in June
Getty - Contributor6 Trump will join Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, for afternoon tea
US President Donald Trump says Theresa May is ​'strong and tough​'​ as Brexit battle continues
Getty - Pool6 Queen Elizabeth II and China's president  Xi Jinping during his state visit in 2015
Chinese president Xi Jinping meets The Queen

