Yellow Vest protester left bleeding on the ground after being battered in clashes with French cops
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8704237/yellow-vest-protester-bleeding-french-police/
23rd March 2019, 3:10 pm
THIS is the shocking moment a Yellow Vest protester was left bleeding on the ground after being battered in clashes with police.
The silver-haired demonstrator can be seen getting crushed during a police charge among the campaigners in Nice, southern France.
EPA17 A protester lies bloodied on the ground after more clashes between cops and 'yellow vest' campaigners in France yesterday
AP:Associated Press17 The is the moment the silver-haired protester is battered during clashes with police
AFP or licensors17 The woman was part of a 100-strong demonstration in Nice today
Goff Photos17 She was seen waving a flag during the demonstrations
AP:Associated Press17 A masked police officer stands guard in Nice
Photos taken afterwards show her lying on the ground with blood pouring from her head as police stand around her.
The city was placed under high security measures as Chinese President Xi Jinping was expected to stay overnight on Sunday as part of his state visit to France.
This weekend's demonstrations mark the 19th week in a row of Yellow Vests protests and riots.
Thousands more marched through Paris as authorities enforced bans on protests in certain areas and displayed enhanced security measures to avoid a repeat of last week's riots in the capital.
The crowd gathered peacefully Saturday at Denfert-Rochereau Square in southern Paris and then headed north.
The protesters are expected to finish Saturday's march in the tourist-heavy neighborhood of Montmartre around its signature monument, the hilltop Sacre-Coeur Cathedral.
French authorities have banned protests from the Champs-Elysees Avenue in Paris and the central neighborhoods of several other cities including Bordeaux, Toulouse, Marseille and Nice in the south, and Rouen in western France.
Meanwhile, The Champs-Elysees in Paris was almost empty today except for a huge police presence.
Scores of shops were looted and ransacked last weekend, and some were set on fire by protesters.
Fear of more violence certainly kept tourists away, and police shut down the Champs-Elysees subway stations as a precaution.
Paris police detained 51 people by early afternoon, issued 29 fines and conducted 4,688 "preventive checks" on protesters entering the capital.
The new Paris police chief, Didier Lallement, who took charge following the destruction wrought by last week's protests, said specific police units have been created to react faster to any violence.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
About 6,000 police officers were deployed in the capital on Saturday and two drones were helping to monitor the demonstrations.
French authorities also deployed soldiers to protect sensitive sites, allowing police forces to focus on maintaining order during the protests.
Reuters17 Protesters in Nice flee as tear gas is shot into crowds
AFP or licensors17 A man faces down cops during the clashes on France's south coast
AFP or licensors17 A man is arrested during the disorder this afternoon
AFP or licensors17 Protesters face down cops armed with riot shields
AFP or licensors17 Tensions spilled over into violence today in the French city of Nice
Reuters17 Cops armed with tear gas take aim at protesters as a man is detained
EPA17 Today's clashes were the 19th weekend in a row in which Yellow Vest protesters have taken to the streets
EPA17 Police in Nice charge protesters
Reuters17 A protester stands in front of burning barricade in the shadow of the Arc de Triomphe during last week's riots in Paris
AFP or licensors17 There were an estimated 7,000-8,000 protesters in Paris last week, pictured, including '1,500 ultra-violent ones'
AFP or licensors17 The Arsonists targeted high-end shops and restaurants on the Champs Elysee
AFP or licensors17 A Yellow Vest protester attempts to throw back a tear gas canister during clashes last week

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

