Aerial footage reveals devastation of chemical plant explosion in China that killed 47 and ‘triggered an earthquake’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8699042/footage-chemical-plant-explosion-china-killed-earthquake/
22nd March 2019, 4:24 pm
AN explosion at a pesticide plant in eastern China has killed 47 people and injured more than 600 - the latest casualties in a series of industrial accidents.
The blast occurred on Thursday at the Chenjiagang Industrial Park in the city of Yancheng, in Jiangsu province.
AFP or licensors17 This photo reveals the swathe of devastation caused by the blast
Getty - Contributor17 Aerial view of the explosion site of a chemical factory today in Yancheng, Jiangsu Province of China
The fire was finally brought under control at 3am today (7pm GMT).
Survivors were taken to 16 hospitals with 640 people being treated for injuries, and 32 in critical condition, state television said.
The fire, which started at a plant owned by the Tianjiayi Chemical Company, then spread to neighbouring factories.
Children at a nearby kindergarten were also hurt, according to reports.
HUGE EXPLOSION
The cause of the explosion is being investigated.
The company - which produces more than 30 organic chemical compounds, some highly flammable - has been cited and fined for work safety violations in the past, China Daily said.
Police, some wearing face masks, sealed off roads to the plant following the tragic incident.
The blast smashed windows in the village of Wangshang two kilometres (1.2 miles) away, and shocked villagers likened it to an earthquake.
All the windows were smashed. I went to have a look. Near the site there was blood everywhere. People were crushedWangWitness to the explosion
One, who gave his family name as Wang, told Reuters: "There was one loud bang followed by a long rumble.
"All the windows were smashed. I went to have a look. Near the site there was blood everywhere. People were crushed."
The village stands beside a murky mildewed pond and was built in 2013 for people displaced by the construction of the industrial park where the blast took place.
Dozens of Wangshang residents work at the park - many have not come home.
Many buildings had broken windows and further structural damage, but villagers haven't been evacuated.
There has recently been a series of major accidents, and all places and relevant departments must fully learn the lessons from thesePresident Xi Jingpingon the explosion 
President Xi Jinping, who is in Italy on a state visit, ordered all-out efforts to care for the injured and to "earnestly maintain social stability".
He added that authorities must step up action to prevent such incidents and determine the cause of the blast as quickly as possible.
Xi said: "There has recently been a series of major accidents, and all places and relevant departments must fully learn the lessons from these."
Late on Thursday, the Jiangsu environmental protection bureau said in a statement that the environmental monitoring station in the area had found no abnormal concentrations of chemicals such as toluene, xylene or benzene.
DANGEROUS CHEMICALS
Concentrations of acetone and chloroform outside the blast zone were also within normal limits, it added.
An emergency notice said today Jiangsu will carry out inspections chemical producers and warehouses.
The notice, published on the news website of the province's Communist Party, said the government would shut down chemical firms found not to be complying with regulations on dangerous chemicals.
Public anger over safety standards has grown in China over industrial accidents, ranging from mining disasters to factory fires, that have marred three decades of swift economic growth.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
In 2015, 165 people were killed in explosions at a chemical warehouse in the northern city of Tianjin, one of the world's busiest ports, which is not far from the capital, Beijing.
Those blasts were big enough to be seen by satellites and register on earthquake sensors.
Despite repeated government pledges to tighten safety, disasters have hit chemical plants in particular, with 23 people killed in November in a series of blasts during the delivery of a flammable gas at a chemical maker.
AFP or licensors17 The destruction after yesterday's explosion
AFP or licensors17 Smoke continues to billow from the buildings despite the fires being put out
AFP or licensors17 Buildings have been destroyed as a result of the huge blast
AFP or licensors17 Numerous houses were also destroyed in the area
AFP or licensors17 It has become a ghost town since the fire was put out
AFP or licensors17 Dozens of people have been killed in the disaster
 
Rex Features17 Six people are dead and 30 others seriously injured after an explosion ripped through an industrial park
Reuters17 Smoke billows from the pesticide plant owned by Tianjiayi Chemical following an explosion
Rex Features17 Officials caring for a man injured in the explosion
Reuters17 A villager stands outside her damaged house following the explosion
Reuters17 Smoke coming from the industrial park overnight
Rex Features17 Half a dozen people have been killed in the horrific explosion
AFP or licensors17 This morning after the fires had been put out, but smoke continued to plume from the building
Getty - Contributor17 Firefighters spray water to extinguish a fire at the explosion site of a chemical factory
Rex Features17 Officials helping an injured worker into an ambulance after the explosion

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




