World War III simulations leave American forces totally destroyed by Russia and China ‘in almost every scenario’ analysts warn
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8616905/world-war-three-simulations-america-forces-destroyed-russia/
12th March 2019, 11:19 am
WORLD War III simulations have left American forces totally destroyed by Russia and China in almost every scenario, analysts warn.
Think tank RAND performed the simulations, often sponsored by the Pentagon, to test how American forces would fare against the world's other leading military superpowers.
Rex Features6 Nearly 300,000 Russian troops took part in last year's Vostok wargames
The analysis revealed the US suffered severe losses in most scenarios despite spending nearly £760billion ($1trillion) annually on the military, exceeding the expenditure of any other country by more than double.
David Ochmanek, a researcher at the Centre for a New America Security, told Breaking Defense when the simulations were run against Russia and China, America “gets its a** handed to it.”
He said: “We lose a lot of people. We lose a lot of equipment. We usually fail to achieve our objective of preventing aggression by the adversary.”
The simulated conflicts take place in all five domains of battle: land, sea, air, space and cyberspace.
Robert Work, a former deputy secretary of defense and experienced war-gamer, explained that America's F-35 fighter jet is the most advanced of its kind in the sky, but is vulnerable on the tarmac.
We lose a lot of people. We lose a lot of equipment. We usually fail to achieve our objective of preventing aggression by the adversary.David Ochmanek
He said: “In every case I know of, the F-35 rules the sky when it's in the sky.”
“But it gets killed on the ground in large numbers.”
Work also warned military bases across Europe and the Pacific were not equipped to handle a full-blown conflict.
Work and Ochmanek agreed China’s focus on cyber warfare that targeted US communications satellites, command-and-control systems, and wireless networks would have a massive impact.
The Chinese would be expected to attack the American battle network at all levels relentlessly, Work warned, adding that they practiced it all the time.
We need a new American way of war without question.Robert Work
Work said: “These are the things that the war games show over and over and over, so we need a new American way of war without question.”
The bleak observations mirror the findings of an assessment carried out last year by an American bipartisan panel set up to evaluate America's defense strategy, The Daily Mail reported.
The report highlighted the US had lost its military edge as rival powers, namely Russia and China, developed advanced capabilities previously only possessed only by the United States.
The study had a startling conclusion – that the US was “at greater risk than at any time in decades”.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Analysts say it would take just $24billion to improve outcomes - which is about three percent of the $750billion budget President Donald Trump will propose for 2020.
Ochmanek said that adding $24billion to the budget for five years would go some way to preparing the US for World War III, which he predicts is at least 10 to 20 years down the road.
The prospect of Russia and China facing America together is not unlikely, with last year's Vostok war games bringing 300,000 Russian troops together with 3,200 from China.
Russia Vs USA: who has the largest military?
AP:Associated Press6 Delegates from China's People's Liberation Army arrive for a meeting at the Great Hall of the People
Rex Features6 Russia's President Vladimir Putin has always placed a great emphasis on increasing his country's military standing
AFP or licensors6 Trump plans to increase military expenditure to $750billion in his 2020 budget
Getty - Contributor6 The simulations pitted America against both Russia and China, with the American troops almost always coming off worse
AFP or licensors6 China, under leadership of President Xi Jinping, has placed great emphasis on cyber warfare
​Vladimir Putin watches staggering show of force as Russia conducts its largest military games since the fall of the Soviet Union

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

