Britain sends HMS Queen Elizabeth aircraft carrier to China’s backyard as Defence Secretary warns we may use ‘lethality’ to combat China and Russia
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8400878/britain-hms-queen-elizabeth-china-russia-lethal/
11th February 2019, 1:16 pm
BRITAIN will send its flagship HMS Queen Elizabeth to the South China Sea - as the Defence Secretary warned “lethality” may have to be used to counter growing threats from China and Russia.
The Royal Navy’s new aircraft carrier, with two squadrons of F-35 stealth fighters, will be sent in a show of “hard power” after Brexit, Gavin Williamson said in a speech today.
SWNS:South West News Service5 HMS Queen Elizabeth will be deployed in the South China Sea as part of its first operational mission
Mr Williamson confirmed HMS Queen Elizabeth’s first operational mission will include the Pacific region where China has been involved in a long-running dispute over the South China Sea.
It will also head to the Mediterranean and the Middle East.
On board will be up to 24 aircraft, in a mixed UK-US deployment.
Mr Williamson said it was time for the UK to shake off the experiences of Iraq and Afghanistan and boost the “lethality” of the Armed Forces.
Britain must once again be “ready to act” and even use our “hard power” against Russia and China.
His war cry at the Royal United Services Institute for Defence in Whitehall will be seen as a pitch to the Chancellor for more cash.
In a pitch that will delight Tory Brexiteers, he said: “Brexit has brought us to a great moment in our history.
“A moment when we must strengthen our global presence, enhance our lethality, and increase our mass.”
Issuing an unashamed defence of an interventionist foreign policy, Mr Williamson warned that the price of inaction had often been “unacceptably high” and Western countries could no longer “walk on by when others are in need”.
HMS QUEEN ELIZABETH IN NUMBERS

Top speed - 25 knots up
Length - 920ft
Weight - 65,000 tonnes
Food on board - 45 days worth
Pipes - more than one millon inside the ship
Flight deck size - 230ft by 920ft - the equivalent of three football pitches
Man power - 28 million hours spent designing and building the carrier
Parts - 17 million


He will state: “We have to be ready to show the high price of aggressive behaviour. Ready to strengthen our resilience.
“To talk but fail to act risks our nation being seen as little more than a paper tiger.”
But Labour’s Shadow Defence Secretary Nia Griffth said last night: “The Conservatives have slashed the defence budget by over £9 billion in real terms since 2010 and they are cutting armed forces numbers year after year.
“Instead of simply engaging in yet more sabre-rattling, Gavin Williamson should get to grips with the crisis in defence funding that is happening on his watch.”
While dominance of the South China Sea has been in dispute for years, tensions have escalated recently, China is currently building four more nuclear aircraft carriers to take on the US.
Each battleship will reportedly be equipped with electromagnetic aircraft catapults similar to those already being used by the US Navy.



News of China's plans come after experts warned a war between US and Chinese forces in the South China Sea could break out later this year.




Concerns are mounting the two superpowers could become embroiled in a terrifying conflict in the region which could kill thousands.
China also claims to have mobilised its new "ship killer" nuclear missiles.
The state-run Global Times said the 20-ton rockets - known as DF-26 and said to be capable of reaching US territory in Guam - are being deployed to positions best suited at striking vessels in the East and South China Sea.
The newspaper said the deployment was in response to a US destroyer "trespassing" in the disputed international waters, which Beijing claims as its own.

Malcolm Davis, a senior analyst in defence strategy at the Australian Strategic Policy Institute said: "Expect greater tension in the South China Sea. China won’t back down - nor will the US.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
"The South China Sea will remain a key flashpoint between China and the US, who are now engaged in an extended period of strategic competition."
HMS Queen Elizabeth – nicknamed Big Lizzie – is the size of three football pitches and can carry 1,600 crew members and 36 fighter jets.
At 920ft long, the HMS Queen Elizabeth is longer than the Houses of Parliament.
PA:Press Association5 Gavin Williamson made a key defence speech today in Whitehall
Reuters5 Williamson was speaking at the Royal United Services Institute
Getty Images - Getty5 Two squadrons of F-35B fighter jets will be on board HMS Queen Elizabeth
Copyright 2019 The Associated Press. All rights reserved5 China's President Xi Jinping has ordered four new aircraft carriers for the South China Sea
Inside the Royal Navy's largest ever warship, the aircraft carrier HMS Queen Elizabeth

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


