China sparks war fear after sending chilling New Year message to Taiwan warning ‘our eagles are flying’ over images of military jets
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8356838/chinese-bombers-new-year-message-taiwan-war-fears/
5th February 2019, 12:46 pm
A VIDEO from China wishing Taiwan a "happy Lunar New Year" contains a chilling warning from Beijing - amid fears its leaders hope to reassert |control over the island nation.
The propaganda film released by Beijing as a token of "goodwill" to the people of the island nation and features images of fighter jets and bombers as a reminder of the increasing threat from China.
5 The video features the official badge of the Chinese air force against a shot of Taiwan’s Taipei 101
5 Then we see numerous fighter jets come into the shot
Posted to Weibo, China's version of Twitter, the three and a half minute long video titled My Fighting Eagles Fly Around Formosa, an old name for Taiwan, shows scenes of the Taiwanese landscape.
Then footage of fighter jets and bombers fly across the sky and shows the the official badge of the air force against a shot of Taiwan’s iconic skyscraper Taipei 101, once the world’s tallest building.
Taiwan - officially the Republic of China - is a fully-independent nation on paper, but is not recognised as such by the United Nations.
This is because the People's Republic of China does not see Taiwan as an independent state, but a rogue province that needs bringing back under control.
LUNAR NEW YEAR MESSAGE
In 2005 China passed a law authorising the use of military force if Taiwan formally tries to secede.
Beijing has taken a harder line against the island since 2016 when Tsai Ing-wen, who rejects the idea Taiwan is a province of China, was elected its president.
This video is yet another reminder of the Chinese military threat for Taiwan.
The lyrics of the song call for “Brothers and sisters” from Taiwan to “return [and] reunite”.
This approach aims at reunifying Taiwan with force and will have only counterproductive results as Taiwanese will find it repulsive and distasteful.Taiwan’s Mainland Affairs Councilon Beijing's Lunar New Year video message
It says: “My fighting eagles are flying around Taiwan, the nostalgic memory from the homeland is softly calling you to return.”
The calm message contradicts the violent implications of H-6 bombers and J-20 stealth fighters seen flying through the sky.
Taiwan's defence ministry responded to the PLA film by releasing its own video on Facebook yesterday called Freedom Is Not Free.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
The video features the island's own military force at work, launching missiles and drills including ground, air and naval forces.
Its message is that Taiwan's military is always ready, even during the Lunar New Year holiday.
Taiwan’s Mainland Affairs Council condemned Beijing for posting the video saying: “This approach aims at reunifying Taiwan with force and will have only counterproductive results as Taiwanese will find it repulsive and distasteful.”
5 The video showed fighter pilots preparing for war with Taiwan
5 It begins by panning across Taiwan's beautiful landscapes
5 It also shows the former tallest building in the world, Taipei 101
China's Xi Jinping says it will not rule out force to ensure Taiwan is reunited with Beijing

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




