Doomsday Clock stays at two minutes to ‘midnight’ as experts warn of ‘perfect storm’ of nuclear war and climate change
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8264069/doomsday-clock-midnight-nuclear-war-climate-change/
24th January 2019, 3:45 pm
THE Doomsday Clock has been kept on its perilous setting of two minutes to midnight  — signalling how human civilisation is teetering on the brink of annihilation. 
Fears about the possibility of a nuclear war in what was described as the "perfect storm" have meant the symbolic time piece remains terrifyingly close to the hour heralding the end of human civilisation, the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists said today.
5 The new time is unveiled
The announcement today means the clock remains the closest to midnight it has ever been, with the last time it was set to this time in 1953 — the year in which the US brought the world to the brink with its testing of the hydrogen bomb. 
Explaining the reasons behind the decision to keep the setting the same, Rachel Bronson, president and chief executive of the The Bulletin Of The Atomic Scientists, said the world had entered the "period of the new abnormal".
She added: "This is unsustainable and unsettling.
"We appear to be normalising a very dangerous world in terms of the risks of nuclear war and climate change.
"This new abnormal is simply too volatile and too dangerous to accept.
"Recognising this grim reality we would like to announce it is still two minutes to midnight, remaining the closest to midnight the clock has ever been set."
Speaking after the setting, former US Defence Secretary William Perry, who is chairman of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists Board, said: “The danger is that we will blunder into a nuclear war. 
“That was the danger during the cold War but certainly the danger now.”
We appear to be normalising a very dangerous world in terms of the risks of nuclear war and climate change
Rachel Bronson, The Bulletin Of The Atomic Scientist president
Devised in 1947 by the respected journal the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists, the symbolic clock face signifies the likelihood of the apocalypse. 
The closer the time to midnight, the closer the world is considered to be to catastrophe.
Last year it was moved so the time read two minutes to midnight. 
NUCLEAR ARMS CONTROL COLLAPSES
One of the events that made the world dangerous happened last October, when US President Donald Trump pulled out of the 30-year-old Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty because he said his opposite, Vladimir Putin of Russia, was no longer compiling with it. 
Now it is widely feared the collapse of the INF would set the stage for a repeat of a Cold War showdown in the 1980s, when the US and the Soviet Union both deployed intermediate-range missiles on the continent.
Such missiles were seen as particularly destabilising as they only take a few minutes to reach their targets.
The danger is that we will blunder into a nuclear warWilliam Perry, chairman of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists Board
This leaves no time for decision-makers and raising the likelihood of a global nuclear conflict over a false launch warning.
Putin has warned that if the US deploys such weapons in Europe after abandoning the treaty, Russia will respond by targeting nations that would host them.
And while Trump may believe there is “no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea” after his summit with Kim Jong-un last summer, there is no evidence to suggest this is true.
5 Our map shows the Doomsday flashpoints where there are currently military standoffs which could suddenly turn nasty and bring the major powers into conflict with each other
Tensions between the Western world and Russia and China have also soured over the past year.
Experts believe the Baltic States, Ukraine and Syria are danger zones in a world more unpredictable than during the Cold War.
This is because of Russian meddling as President Vladimir Putin attempts to recreate a superpower sphere of influence it lost after the fall of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s.
Meanwhile in Asia, China has unveiled its largest rise in defence spending in three years as it bids to dominate the world with a vast superpower military.
MOST READ IN NEWS ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
Getty - Contributor5 Arms race... The Russian military on Wednesday rolled out a new nuclear capable missile
Getty Images - Getty5 President Xi Jinping is ploughing billions into his military as China continues its takeover of the South China Sea and eyes the renegade island of Taiwan
PA:Press Association5 A British commando taking part in in Exercise Toxic Dagger on Salisbury Plains on January 10 to train for nuclear or chemical war
Fears for humanity and the planet as Doomsday Clock brought forward

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

