Is Taiwan an independent nation and why does China want to reunify the two states?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8116794/taiwan-china-independent-xi-jinping/
17th January 2019, 7:39 pm
CHINA'S President has repeatedly warned that Taiwan "must and will be" brought back under direct rule - but why does he want this?
Here's our lowdown on whether Taiwan is independent, why China wants to reunify the states, and what Xi Jinping said.
AFP3 President Xi Jinping has vowed to bring Taiwan back under direct rule
Is Taiwan an independent nation?
Taiwan - officially the Republic of China - is a fully-independent nation on paper, but is not recognised as such by the United Nations.
This is because the People's Republic of China does not see Taiwan as an independent state, but a rogue province that needs bringing back under control.
It refuses to have diplomatic ties with nations that recognise Taiwan as independent.
In 2005 China passed a law authorising the use of military force if Taiwan formally tries to secede.
Getty - Contributor3 Beijing has not ruled out direct military action
Why does China want to reunify the two states?
Beijing insists that the People's Republic of China is the sole heir to the "China" title.
The independence of Taiwan means that another country has a claim to be the true China.
The "One China" policy endorsed by the Chinese government recognises Taiwan as a rogue province - collectively part of the world's one China.
While the United States does not formally recognise Taiwan as an independent country, it does support Taiwan in other ways - and China is uncomfortable with the prospect of what it sees as its territory falling within the US sphere of influence.
3 The contested South China Sea may be at the centre of a future war, experts warn
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
What has Xi Jinping said?
Chinese President Xi Jinping has repeatedly said that Taiwan needs to be absorbed back into the People's Republic.
He warned that Beijing “will not renounce the use of force or give up the option to use all necessary measures”.
He added that any military action would be focused on Taiwanese separatists and any "external forces" - likely meaning the United States.
China's Xi Jinping says it will not rule out force to ensure Taiwan is reunited with Beijing

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




