China invasion of Taiwan increasingly likely as Beijing grows military to match US, Pentagon report warns
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8211591/china-invasion-taiwan-pentagon/
16th January 2019, 6:08 pm
CHINA is supercharging its military to match the US in preparation for war with Taiwan, a Pentagon report said.
In recent years, Beijing has invested in modern weaponry such as advanced fighter aircraft, ships, missile systems and space and cyberspace capabilities.
6 China is supercharging its military in preparation for war with Taiwan
The new China Military Power report said the People's Liberation Army is "likely to grow even more technologically advanced, with equipment comparable to that of other modern militaries.”
And the Pentagon believes that reunification with Taiwan – which split from mainland China amid civil war in 1949 – is the “primary driver” for “military modernisation.”
The report said: “Beijing’s longstanding interest to eventually compel Taiwan’s reunification with the mainland and deter any attempt by Taiwan to declare independence has served as the primary driver for China’s military modernisation.”
A US defence official spoke on condition of anonymity to reporters about the tense situation with the emerging Asian superpower.
PREPARING FOR INVASION 'SCENARIO'
He said that China’s leaders have made it clear that reasserting sovereignty over Taiwan - which the US is committed to defending - is a top priority.
However, he added that while Beijing could easily fire missiles at Taiwan, it doesn’t yet have the military capability to successfully invade the self-governing island.
The US report said that the intervention of “foreign forces” in a “Taiwan scenario” have led Chinese leaders to bolster and modernise their military.
The report comes as China’s President Xi Jinping ordered the nation’s military to prepare for war in 2019 as tensions with the United States continue to rise.
New US Defense secretary, Pat Shanahan meanwhile told his military service leaders that their focus should be "China, China, China”.
AP:Associated Press6 China's President Xi Jinping has ordered his country to be ready for war in 2019
Getty - Contributor6 The Chinese navy has been developing its underwater capability
6 An image leaked online of China's electromagnetic railgun
6 The CM-401 anti-ship hypersonic missile was unveiled last year
AP:Associated Press6 The new J-20 fighter has given China new capability to threaten the US

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours

 

