China’s creepy ‘social credit’ system creates ‘dystopian nightmare’ that posts locations of blacklisted citizens and rewards others for grassing up their mates
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9117058/china-social-credit-spy-friends/
20th May 2019, 8:07 pm
CHINA'S terrifying "social credit" system has created a dystopian nightmare where citizens can track each other on radar-style "lowlife" scanners.
The nightmarish scheme blacklists "lazy" citizens who get into debt or spend their time playing video games in a creepy initiative that could have come straight out of Black Mirror.
Getty - Contributor3 China's social credit system will blacklist low-rated people who get into debt, don't recycle or commit traffic offences
3 This new app allows citizens to monitor untrustworthy people nearby
And citizens can now spy on each other using a government-produced "deadbeat map" that shows users every wrong'un nearby.
Tapping on a person's icon reveals their their full name, court-case number and the reason they have been labelled untrustworthy.
Identity card numbers and home addresses are also partially shown.
While the social credit scheme will become mandatory in China in 2020, it is currently being tested in pilot schemes which have been rolled out through private financial companies.
The most high profile of these is Sesame Credit which has been developed by Ant Financial and uses computer algorithms to score people from 350 to 950, reports The Guardian.
Likened to an episode of dystopian horror series Black Mirror, Sesame Credit rates people on factors including “interpersonal relationships” and consumer habits including buying video games.
It appears the authoritarian one-party state believes that someone who plays a PlayStation or an Xbox is an “idle person”, reports the BBC.
Those with a low-rating are “blacklisted” meaning they are unable to book a plane flight, prevented from renting or buying property and are unable to secure a loan or stay in a luxury hotel, reports MarketPlace.org.
AP:Associated Press3 The terrifying scheme will become mandatory in 2020. File picture showing President Xi on a television in a Shanghai restaurant
One of the largest schemes currently operating is in Shanghai where jaywalking, traffic violations and skipping train fares can get you blacklisted.
But that’s not all. Citizens who do not visit their elderly parents or do not sort out their garbage into the appropriate recycling bins can also be penalised and effectively frozen out by the state.
Businessman Xie Wen spoke with MarketPlace.org after he was blacklisted following a financial dispute in which he never paid a debt to a client who sued his company.
He was then added to the Chinese Supreme Court’s list of “discredited” people.
Wen said: “It hurt my business. My clients didn’t trust me. I didn’t get much work.”
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Not only was Wen banned from going on a plane or a high speed train but he was unable to send his child to private school.
The same report published in February this year says that since October 2013 nearly 10 million people have been added to the same list.
As the mandatory 2020 date looms, President Xi Jingping has cemented his grip on power by scrapping the country's two term presidential limit making him the most dominant Chinese leader since the murderous Chairman Mao Zedong.
Chinese President Xi Jinping welcomes U.S. President Donald Trump in Beijing

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours


