China’s advanced military arsenal is ‘surpassing’ the US as growing superpower seeks to dominate rivals, Pentagon warns
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8206148/chinas-advanced-military-arsenal-is-surpassing-the-us-as-growing-superpower-seeks-to-dominate-rivals-pentagon-warns/
16th January 2019, 11:08 am
CHINA is developing advanced new weapons that pose a growing threat to the United States, a new Pentagon report has said.
US defence officials have said China’s growing military might could lead it to attack Taiwan, which America is committed to defend.
6
In recent years China has poured resources into weapons advanced fighter aircraft, ships, missile systems and space and cyberspace capabilities.
The new ‘China Military Power’ report said the People's Liberation Army is "likely to grow even more technologically advanced, with equipment comparable to that of other modern militaries”.
The report comes as China’s President Xi Jinping ordered the nation’s military to prepare for war in 2019 as tensions with the United States continue to rise.
New US Defense secretary, Pat Shanahan meanwhile told his military service leaders that their focus should be "China, China, China”.
Chinese and US warships are engaged in a tense standoff in disputed areas of the South China Sea and the two nations are also engaged in a trade war.
The People's Liberation Army is likely to grow even more technologically advanced
But China’s determination to bring Taiwan - which split from the mainland amid civil war in 1949- under its control is the likeliest threat to peace, the new report has found.
A Pentagon official said the concern is that China is “getting to a point where the PLA leadership may actually tell Xi Jinping that they are confident in their capabilities” which would lead to invasion.
The official said China has been working very hard on developing ways to combine cyberattack capabilities with weapons that can be used in combat.
China threatens to surpass America with hypersonic weaponry capable of going Mach 5 or faster, Defense News reports.
In the last two years, the Pentagon has been increasingly vocal about the need to invest more in its hypersonic capabilities, both offensive and defensive to match Chinese efforts.
AP:Associated Press6 China's President Xi Jinping has ordered his country to be ready for war in 2019
J-20 STEALTH FIGHTER
In an attempt to surpass the US in air superiority, China launched its first stealth fighter into fully operational, frontline service.
The J-20 has a top speed of Mach 2.5 designed to match the US F-35 and F-22 aircraft and a recent US report said it gave China  “previously unavailable air combat options”.
Hidden in the aircraft’s body are three large internal weapon bays — two smaller bays carry air-to-air missiles, while the larger third bay hides anti-ship or air-to-surface missiles and bombs.
The J-20 is also believed to be equipped with full 360 degree infra-red/electro-optic detection systems which allows the pilot to look in any direction.
SPACE CONFLICT
US intelligence agencies believe within the next few years China could possess “destructive” weapons for use in a potential space conflict.
According to a report, the country will use anti-satellite weapons such as ballistic missiles to damage space-based systems.
HYPERSONIC MISSILES
At the end of last year CM-401 supersonic ballistic missile which it claims will be able to take out US warships – particularly aircraft carriers - with one hit.
According to its maker, the missile is capable of travelling at six times the speed of sound and is capable of hypersonic maneuverable flight on its way to a target.
Once it begins its dive from its space trajectory, it is very difficult to intercept because of its hypersonic velocity.
China is also testing the DF-17 ballistic missile combined with a hypersonic glide vehicle which is reportedly due to enter service in 2020.
UNDERWATER SURVEILLANCE NETWORK
China is reportedly building up its remote outposts with military facilities including missile shelters, sensor arrays, and radar systems.
The move is part of the country’s efforts to assert itself as an emerging maritime power in the contested South China Sea.
The system, which uses buoys, surface vessels, satellites and underwater gliders, is able to gathering a plethora of data about the underwater environment from the South China Sea, and the Western Pacific and Indian oceans.
MOST READ IN NEWS DYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
ELECTROMAGNETIC RAILGUN
The first experimental deployment of a new ‘supergun’ aboard a warship is one of the most high profile additions to China’s military.
Images of the weapon, which places China ahead of the United States, first surfaced after being leaked by online.
The weapon uses powerful magnets to sling warheads down its barrel and into the air, with the ammunition able to be fired faster and further than traditional cannons.
6 An image leaked online of China's electromagnetic railgun
6 The CM-401 anti-ship hypersonic missile was unveiled last year
AP:Associated Press6 The new J-20 fighter has given China new capability to threaten the US
Getty - Contributor6 The Chinese navy has been developing its underwater capability

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.'




