Kim Jong-un arrives in China on his armoured train with his wife to ‘pave way’ for second showdown nuke summit with Donald Trump
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8143941/kim-jong-un-china-wife-armoured-train-trump-summit/
8th January 2019, 11:11 am
KIM Jong-un and his wife today arrived in China aboard his armoured train ahead of talks expected to "pave the way" for a second nuke summit with Donald Trump.
The North Korean leader pulled into Beijing on the same 25-carriage train he has used on previous visits along tracks flanked by police and paramilitary troops.
EPA12 North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is joined by his wife, Ri Sol-ju , on his four-day visit to China
Shortly after, a long motorcade including motorbike outriders reserved for state leaders left Beijing train station.
Jong-un, who celebrates his 35th birthday today, is joined by his wife Ri Sol Ju on his four-day visit for talks with Chinese president Xi Jinping.
Their meeting comes amid plans for a second summit with the US president aimed at denuclearising the Korean peninsula.
Jong-un held three summits last year with Xi, his most important ally, before and after summits with Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in.
Reuters12 The couple arrived in China today aboard this armoured train
AFP or licensors12 A vehicle is seen in the motorcade that then left Beijing station
AP:Associated Press12 The bullet-proof train- up to 25 carriages long - pulls into Beijing station
Sky12 Kim Jong-un before leaving Pyongyang for Beijing on a special train in this photo captured from the North's Central TV broadcast
North Korean media said the trip was at Xi's invitation confirmed Jong-un would be accompanied by his wife.
South Korean presidential spokesman Kim Eui-kyeom said Seoul hoped the trip would act as a "stepping stone" for a second Trump-Kim summit.
Talks on denuclearisation have stalled since the US and North Korean leaders first met in Singapore last June.
Trump has offered assurances that another summit will allow him and Jong-un to make a grand deal to settle the nuclear standoff and change a relationship marked by decades of animosity.
Jong-un said in his New Year speech he was ready to meet Trump any time to achieve their common goal of denuclearisation, but he warned that he may seek an alternative path if US sanctions and pressure against the country continued.
Media outlets in China and North Korea confirmed Jong-un's visit this morning.
EPA12 Along motorcade including motorbike outriders reserved for state leaders left Beijing train station
AFP or licensors12 Paramilitary police officers march outside Beijing Railway Station ahead of Jong-un's arrival
REUTERS12 The motorcade escorting the world leader and his wife makes its way through Beijing
Alamy Live News12 Jong-un shakes hands with Kim Yong-nam, North Korea's titular head of state, before leaving Pyongyang for Beijing
"[Mr] Kim is eager to remind the Trump administration that he does have diplomatic and economic options besides what Washington and Seoul can offer," Harry J Kazianis, Director of Defense Studies at the Centre for the National Interest told Reuters.
Jong-un's visit also comes as the US  opened a second day of talks with Chinese counterparts in Beijing aimed at ending the trade war between the world's two largest economies.
In an interview with CNBC yesterday, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said: "The Chinese have been very clear to us that these are separate issues.
"Their behaviour has demonstrated that as well and we appreciate that. China has actually been a good partner in our efforts to reduce the risk to the world from North Korea's nuclear capability; I expect they will continue to do so."
AP:Associated Press12 People watch a TV screen showing file footage of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and Chinese President Xi Jinping, right, during a news program at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul, South Korea
AFP or licensors12 The two world leaders shared a historic handshake when they met in Singapore last June. Kim Jong-un's China trip is expected to 'pave the way' for another nuke summit with Trump
Getty - Contributor12 Jong-un is in China for his fourth round of talks with China's President Xi Jinping
Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang, said China believed contact between the United States and North Korea was important.
Lu said: "China has always supported both sides to continue to hold talks and to reach a positive outcome."
When asked if Jong-un's delegation might have contact with the U.S. trade delegation in Beijing, Lu said the two groups were not on the same level.
most  read in newsZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
Shi Yinhong, an international relations professor at Renmin University in Beijing, said the trip would have no direct influence on the progress of trade talks.
He told Reuters: "From the other prospective, this is something that can indirectly be used to show the United States that China is not playing without any cards in hand."
He added that Jong-un would "certainly call on Xi Jinping to give North Korea more economic assistance".

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


 
 


