China releases chilling footage of ‘Mother of All Bombs’ test as tensions with the US escalate
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8139718/china-releases-footage-mother-of-all-bombs-tensions-us/
7th January 2019, 6:05 pm
CHINA has unveiled its most powerful non-nuclear weapon - a rival to America's "Mother of All Bombs".
Video of a test bombing raid showed a massive fireball and plume of black smoke erupting from the detonation.
NORINCO5 Video of China's giant new bomb being tested was released online
Local reports say the new type of aerial bomb has massive destructive potential, leading to comparisons with the US military's 11 ton monster.
Chinese arms giant Norinco showcased the weapon in a video on its website - the first time its existence has been revealed to the public, according to Xinhua News Agency.
The bomb - estimated to be up to 20 feet long - was dropped from an H-6K nuclear bomber at an unknown location last month.
Experts have said it could be used to wipe out whole US bases in the Pacific as tensions escalate between Beijing and Washington.
Norinco5 The bomb at the moment of release above the target
NORINCO5 Footage showed a huge explosion at an unknown location
Getty5 The weapon was dropped from an H-6K jet bomber (file image)
Military analyst Wei Dongxu told The Global Times: “The massive blast can easily and completely wipe out fortified ground targets such as reinforced buildings, bastions and defence shelters.”
Another expert, Adam Ni of the Australian National University, said the bomb is part of Beijing’s rapid military modernisation as it stakes claims on Taiwan and islands in the South China Sea.
He said: “China is developing both nuclear and conventional weapons. Building conventional weaponry can be done without raising the same levels of alarm as nuclear ones.”
The bomb has been compared to the US's 21,000lb GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast - dubbed the Mother Of All Bombs - which killed 90 jihadis when it was used for the first time in Afghanistan last year.
It is so large it has to be carried by a slow Hercules transporter aircraft.
AP:Associated Press5 America's GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast weapon, dubbed the 'Mother Of All Bombs'
China's new weapon is said to be smaller and lighter so it can be delivered to its target by a faster jet bomber.
Experts say it appears to be a fuel-air explosive, a controversial type of weapon known for causing horrible injuries.
Just before impact the device squirts out a cloud of liquid or gas explosive which fills buildings and is ignited by the main charge.
That creates a huge and long-lasting pressure wave - greater than in conventional high explosives - which ruptures the lungs and bowels of people at the edge of the blast radius.
And any unburnt fuel is as toxic to survivors as chemical weapons.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
Russia is known to have stockpiled similar weapons and Bashar Assad is said to have used one against rebels in Syria.
News of the Chinese bomb comes days after President Xi Jinping threatened to blow up US warships and vowed to take back Taiwan by force.
He also ordered his two-million-strong Army to maintain full preparedness for war.
US Navy guided-missile destroyer ship USS McCampbell sails near disputed islands in the South China Sea angering Beijing 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


