Taiwan is preparing for war with China by building its own DIY cruise missiles
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8121468/taiwan-war-china-budding-diy-cruise-missiles/
4th January 2019, 4:46 pm
MILITARY chiefs in Taiwan are reportedly reverse-engineering old fighter jet engines to power DIY cruise missiles - amid fears of war with China.
It is planning to utilise the US-made J85 engines from the the old 1970s Tiger II which currently still power its air force's two-dozen F-5 fighter jets.
Time Life Pictures4 The Taiwanese are reportedly tweaking the J85 engine from the Tiger II to power cruise missiles
The Taiwanese air force once operated more than 300 F-5s before updating most with US-made F-16s, French Mirage 2000s and home-built F-CKs.
That means the country has - in theory - a massive stock of unused J85 engines which are each capable of producing 3,000 pounds of thrust.
A Taiwanese J85 clone engine could easily have enough power for new military cruise missile types, according to Popular Mechanics.
According to local media, the same Academy of Sciences that's tearing down the engines is now also developing a cruise missile with a 750-mile range.

Alamy4 The jet engines are said to have more than enough thrust to launch a missile

Alamy4 The Taiwanese air force operated more than 300 F-5s before updating their military
The news comes after it was reported  President Xi Jinping  vowed to forcibly take back Taiwan - which he wants brought back under Chinese rule.
Xi made the comments in a Beijing speech just a day after the Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen insisted people on the island wish to stay independent.
The Chinese president said: "We are firmly against those who conspire behind the ideo of 'Two China', or 'One China-One Taiwan', or Taiwan Independence.
"We have achieved great victory on defeating any pro-independence or separatist activities.
AFP4 China's president Xi Jinping vowed his country's military will take back the independent state of Taiwan by force
"Nobody, and no party, can change the historical and legal that Taiwan is part of China and that both sides of the strait belong to China,"
He added that China "reserves the option of taking all necessary measures".
Taiwan - officially the Republic of China - is a fully-independent nation on paper, but is not recognised as such by the United Nations.
This is because China does not see Taiwan as an independent state, but a rogue province that needs bringing back under control.


China orders soldiers to get ready for war in 2019 and prepare ‘for military struggle’ as US tensions grow


It refuses to have diplomatic ties with nations that recognise Taiwan as independent.
In 2005 China passed a law authorising the use of military force if Taiwan formally tries to secede.
Taiwan deploys land-attack and anti-ship missiles in order to defend against Chinese invasion forces.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
At its widest, the Taiwan strait that separates China and Taiwan is just 140 miles across.
The Taiwanese arsenal includes hundreds of ground-launched ballistic missiles with sufficient range to strike the Chinese mainland.
The Taiwanese air force has already modified its 127 F-CK fighters to carry cruise missiles.

