America warns citizens visiting China that they may not be allowed to home for YEARS
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8120443/america-warns-china-visitors-not-allowed-home-years/
4th January 2019, 3:28 pm
AMERICANS have been told they face arbitrary detention and the risk of a long spell in prison if they travel to China.
New advice from the State Department warns of China's use of "exit bans" that would prohibit US citizens from leaving the country, sometimes keeping them there for years.
AFP - Getty3 Americans have been warned about the dangers of travelling to China
The advisory follows the detention by Chinese authorities in December of two Canadians.
Beijing says Michael Kovrig, a former diplomat and an adviser with the International Crisis Group think-tank, and businessman Michael Spavor are suspected of endangering state security.
"Chinese authorities have asserted broad authority to prohibit US citizens from leaving China by using 'exit bans', sometimes keeping US citizens in China for years," said the State Department advice.
"US citizens may be detained without access to U.S. consular services or information about their alleged crime.
AFP or licensors3 Canadian Michael Kovrig has been detained in China
AP:Associated Press3 Fellow Canadian Michael Spavor has also been arrested
"US citizens may be subjected to prolonged interrogations and extended detention for reasons related to ‘state security’.”
The new China travel advisory is a level-two advisory, which urges increased caution.
It goes on to say Americans also face detention for “sending private electronic messages critical of the Chinese government”.
Tensions between the United States and China have risen steadily in the recent years with the two country’s armed forces engaged in a standoff in the disputed South China Sea.
China orders soldiers to get ready for war in 2019 and prepare ‘for military struggle’ as US tensions grow
They have been heightened by the trade war between them, which began when Donald Trump slapped hefty tariffs of Chinese imports.
Relations with the US and Canada have soured after Canadian police arrested Huawei chief financial officer, Meng Wanzhou, on December  in Vancouver at the request of the United States.
U.S. prosecutors have accused her of misleading banks about transactions linked to Iran, putting the banks at risk of violating US sanctions.
China hit back at the State Department advice with Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang saying it "cannot stand up to scrutiny”.
MOST READ IN NEWS DYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
He pointed out that 2.3 million Americans visited China between January and November 2018 in January alone.
"I think this figure speaks volumes for the security condition in China," said Lu.
"The US, however, has recently used various excuses to conduct gratuitous inspections and create obstacles for Chinese citizens entering the US.”
China’s President Xi Jinping this week told the country’s armed forces old to prepare for war in 2019 as tensions continue to mount over country’s expansion across the South China Sea.
He made it clear it was his goal to make the country a combat rival to the United States when he announced massive military spending at the end of 2018.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.'



