China orders soldiers to get ready for war in 2019 and prepare ‘for military struggle’ as US tensions grow
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8108626/china-soldiers-war-2019-troops-military-struggle/
3rd January 2019, 9:23 am
CHINA'S mighty military has been told to prepare for war in 2019 as tensions continue to mount over the red army's expansion across the South China Sea.
President Xi Jinping made it clear it was his goal to make the country a combat rival to the United States when he announced massive military spending at the end of 2018.
Reuters10 The call to arms was made in the official state newspaper for China's troops
Now his country's 2.7m soldiers have been told to make sure they are fighting fit and fully prepared for a "military struggle".
The worrying war talk comes in a carefully-scripted editorial in China's official state newspaper for its forces, reports the South China Morning Post.
“Drilling soldiers and war preparations are the fundamental jobs and work focus of our military, and at no time should we allow any slack in these areas,” the PLA Daily said.
“We should be well prepared for all directions of military struggle and comprehensively improve troops’ combat response in emergencies … to ensure we can meet the challenge and win when there is a situation.”
Getty - Contributor10 China's 2.7m soldiers have been told to make sure they are fighting fit
AFP10 President Xi Jinping made it clear it was his goal to make his country combat ready
President Jinping, who heads the military, has been pushing the People's Liberation Army (PLA) to boost its combat readiness since he took the top job in late 2012.
Observers said the stepping up of drills could be about flexing the PLA’s military muscle, but spelling it out at the start of the year also suggested it was a more important part of the plan for 2019.
Jinping said he wants to “make China great again” when he announced a military budget of £126bn for 2019, an eight per cent increase.
The call to arms comes just days after a Chinese naval chief warned his country's military might need to SINK two US aircraft carriers to solve disputes over the South China Sea - risking 10,000 lives.
Alamy10 China has revealed it is investing billions into its military
EPA10 The nuclear-powered USS George Washington aircraft carrier docked in Busan, South Korea
Rear Admiral Lou Yuan - deputy head of the Chinese Academy of Military Sciences - made his chilling threat while speaking at a top level military summit.
“What the United States fears the most is taking casualties,” the notoriously outspoken military expert declared.
He said the loss of one super carrier would cost the US the lives of 5,000 service men and women. Sinking two would double that toll.
“We’ll see how frightened America is,” he then said, reports news.com.
He bragged China’s new anti-ship ballistic and cruise missiles are more than capable of taking out US carriers, despite them being at the centre of a "bubble" of defensive escorts.
Getty Images - Getty10 The Nimitz-class aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson surrounded by a fleet of warships in the Philippine Sea
AFP10 The loss of one super carrier would cost the US the lives of 5,000 service men and women
His threats came just ten days after experts warned a war between US and Chinese forces in the South China Sea could break out in 2019.
Concerns are mounting the two superpowers could become embroiled in a terrifying conflict in the directly contested region which could cost thousands of lives.
Malcolm Davis, a senior analyst in defence strategy and capability at the Australian Strategic Policy Institute in Canberra, told The Sun Online: "Expect greater tension in the South China Sea. China won’t back down – nor will the US.
"The South China Sea will remain a key flashpoint between China and the US, who are now engaged in an extended period of strategic competition."
VOA(美国之音东方拍摄)10 Rear Admiral Lou Yuan made his chilling threat at a top level military summit
Reuters10 He said China’s anti-ship ballistic and cruise missiles were more than capable of taking out US carriers
In his speech, Admiral Lou said there were five cornerstones of the United States open to exploitation: their military, their money, their talent, their voting system - and their fear of adversaries.
He said China should “use its strength to attack the enemy’s shortcomings. Attack wherever the enemy is afraid of being hit. Wherever the enemy is weak …”
It’s not the controversial commentator’s first aggressive outburst.
In December he said: “If the US naval fleet dares to stop in Taiwan, it is time for the People’s Liberation Army to deploy troops to promote national unity on (invade) the island.


10 The contested South China Sea may be at the centre of a future war, experts warn


Taiwan launches supersonic missile at target ship near fierce neighbour China
“Achieving China’s complete unity is a necessary requirement. The achievement of the past 40 years of reform and opening-up has given us the capability and confidence to safeguard our sovereignty.
"Those who are trying to stir up trouble in the South China Sea and Taiwan should be careful about their future.”
Observers at the Council on Foreign Relations’ Centre for Preventive Action have ranked the South China Sea as a hotspot as Beijing and Washington refuse to back down over who controls the oil and gas rich region.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Brunei argue they own parts of the sea — and the United States is prepared to back them with military force.
It is feared a showdown is on the cards which could spiral out of control.
Maochum Yu, a history professor at the US Naval Academy in Maryland, said confrontation in the region is all but "inevitable".
 

