China’s Xi Jinping vows to take back Taiwan ‘by force’ just hours after threatening to blow up US warships
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8102338/china-take-back-taiwan-xi-jinping-us-warships/
2nd January 2019, 11:38 am
CHINESE President Xi Jinping has vowed to forcibly take back Taiwan - just hours after one of China's chief naval officers threatened to sink US warships.
Xi made the comments in a Beijing speech just a day after the Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen insisted people on the island wish to stay independent.
AFP7 China's president Xi Jinping vowed his country's military will take back the independent state of Taiwan by force
The Chinese president said: "We are firmly against those who conspire behind the ideo of 'Two China', or 'One China-One Taiwan', or Taiwan Independence.
"We have achieved great victory on defeating any pro-independence or separatist activities.
"Nobody, and no party, can change the historical and legal that Taiwan is part of China and that both sides of the strait belong to China,"
He added that China "reserves the option of taking all necessary measures".
EPA7 The nuclear-powered USS George Washington aircraft carrier docked in Busan, South Korea
Yesterday, China's Rear Admiral Lou Yuan made a chilling threat to sink two US aircraft carriers to solve disputes over the South China Sea, risking 10,000 lives.
Speaking at a top level military summit, the notoriously outspoken military expert declared: "What the United States fears the most is taking casualties."
He said the loss of one super carrier would cost the US the lives of 5,000 service men and women. Sinking two would double that toll.
“We’ll see how frightened America is,” he then said, reports news.com.
Getty Images - Getty7 The Nimitz-class aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson surrounded by a fleet of warships in the Philippine Sea
AFP7 The loss of one super carrier would cost the US the lives of 5,000 service men and women
He bragged China’s new anti-ship ballistic and cruise missiles are more than capable of taking out US carriers, despite them being at the centre of a "bubble" of defensive escorts.
The Nimitz-class aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson surrounded by a fleet of warships in the Philippine Sea.
His threats came just ten days after experts warned that war between US and Chinese forces in the South China Sea could break out in 2019.
Concerns are mounting the two superpowers could become embroiled in a terrifying conflict in the directly contested region which could kill thousands of people.
VOA(美国之音东方拍摄)7 Rear Admiral Lou Yuan made his chilling threat at a top level military summit
Reuters7 He said China’s anti-ship ballistic and cruise missiles were more than capable of taking out US carriers
Malcolm Davis, a senior analyst in defence strategy and capability at the Australian Strategic Policy Institute in Canberra, told Sun Online: "Expect greater tension in the South China Sea. China won’t back down – nor will the US.
"The South China Sea will remain a key flashpoint between China and the US, who are now engaged in an extended period of strategic competition."
Rear Admiral Lou Yuan made his chilling threat at a top level military summit.
He said China’s anti-ship ballistic and cruise missiles were more than capable of taking out US carriers.


7 The contested South China Sea may be at the centre of a future war, experts warn


In his speech, Admiral lou said there were ‘five cornerstones of the United States’ open to exploitation: their military, their money, their talent, their voting system - and their fear of adversaries.
He said China should “use its strength to attack the enemy’s shortcomings. Attack wherever the enemy is afraid of being hit. Wherever the enemy is weak …”
It’s not the controversial commentator’s first aggressive outburst.
In December he said: “If the US naval fleet dares to stop in Taiwan, it is time for the People’s Liberation Army to deploy troops to promote national unity on (invade) the island.
Taiwan launches supersonic missile at target ship near fierce neighbour China
The contested South China Sea may be at the centre of a future war, experts warn.
“Achieving China’s complete unity is a necessary requirement. The achievement of the past 40 years of reform and opening-up has given us the capability and confidence to safeguard our sovereignty.
"Those who are trying to stir up trouble in the South China Sea and Taiwan should be careful about their future.”
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Observers at the Council on Foreign Relations’ Centre for Preventive Action have ranked the South China Sea as a hotspot as Beijing and Washington refuse to back down over who controls the oil and gas rich region.
It is feared a showdown is on the cards which could spiral out of control.
Maochum Yu, a history professor at the US Naval Academy in Maryland, said confrontation in the region is all but "inevitable".

