Chinese military chief calls for ATTACKS on US warships in disputed waters of the South China Sea amid fears of all-out war
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7951152/china-calls-attacks-us-warships-south-china-sea/
11th December 2018, 11:55 am
CHINA should ram US ships sent to challenge its control of the South China Sea and “be ready to take over Taiwan,” a Chinese military official has urged.
Chinese Air Force colonel Dai Xu made the threat at an event last weekend, according to reports.
8 China claims its territory includes a major chunk of the South China Sea, shown by the yellow dashes, above
The country claims most of the strategic waterway and has expanded into it by building islands on reefs, equipped with military facilities such as airstrips, radar domes and missile systems.
The colonel was speaking at a function sponsored by the Global Times, a state newspaper published by the Chinese Communist Party, reports news.com.au.
At the conference held in Beijing, Chinese government and military officials discussed the current state of US and China relations and issues in the highly contested South China Sea.
The Chinese media suggested tensions in the strategically important region could increase next year and Dai Xu called on the Chinese government to take a more aggressive approach to asserting its claims.
The Global Times quoted the colonel warning: “If the US warships break into Chinese waters again, I suggest that two warships should be sent: one to stop it, and another one to ram it.
Reuters8 Chinese President Xi Jinping delivers a speech as he reviews a military display of Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) Navy in the South China Sea
Getty - Contributor8 Woody Island in the South China Sea has been under the control of China for more than six decades
Getty - Contributor8 A Chinese national flag in front of Sansha government building on Yongxing Island of Xisha Islands in the South China Sea
“In our territorial waters, we won’t allow US warships to create disturbance.”
In a kind of diplomatic brinkmanship, both countries have been keen to project a show of force in the region, raising fears it could become a flashpoint for conflict.
Under the banner of “freedom of navigation operations” the US has routinely sent maritime patrol aircraft and guided missile destroyers to venture near the islands China has built up to assert the claim that the waters remain under international control.
In October, the Australian government voiced its concerns after startling pictures showed a near-collision between a US navy ship and a Chinese vessel in the South China Sea.
US Navy aircraft carrier strike group conducts fighter jet drills in South China Sea
8 China claims most of the resource-rich South China Sea
Getty - Contributor8 A PLA Navy fleet including the aircraft carrier Liaoning, vessels and fighter jets take part in a drill in April 2018 in the South China Sea
Dai Xu, who is also president of the Institute of Marine Safety and co-operation, reportedly said that he didn’t understand why some people were afraid when Chinese warships intercepted US warships.
He was also hawkish when it came to the issue of Taiwan, and recommended the idea of absorbing the island nation and bringing it under Chinese control.
Taiwan is a self-ruled island republic, but China sees it as a breakaway province that should be brought back into the fold and has not ruled out reunification by force.
Dai Xu suggested that provocation against China in the South China Sea would force the issue, prompting China to annex the country.
AP:Associated Press8 An F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jet lands on the deck of the US Navy USS Ronald Reagan in the South China Sea
Getty - Contributor8 PLA Navy fleet including the aircraft carrier Liaoning, submarines, vessels and fighter jets in the South China Sea
He said: “It would boost the speed of our unification of Taiwan.
“Let’s just be prepared and wait. Once a strategic opportunity emerges, we should be ready to take over Taiwan.”
On November 28, in the latest act of provocation, the US sent two Navy ships through the Taiwan Strait, despite opposition from China.
The US Pacific Fleet explained: “The ships’ transit through the Taiwan Strait demonstrates the US commitment to a free and open Indo-Pacific.”
Peter Mattis, a former CIA analyst and Fellow in the China Program at The Jamestown Foundation, believes the Chinese president could try to boost his domestic image as a leader in the coming years by reclaiming the island nation.
Speaking to news.com.au in September, he characterised Taiwan as the greatest immediate challenge the world currently faces with regards to the threat of rising China — even more so than growing tensions in the East and South China Seas.
China declares US warships operating in the South China Sea are harming the country's sovereignty
Most read in world newsS**T SHOE Shoe firms warn Donald Trump’s China trade war could send trainer prices soaring 'THE BEST OF TIMES' When does Ramadan 2019 end, what is the holy month and when is Eid? HANDS FREE Japanese women use anti-groping app that blasts 'help me there's a molester' EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker 
Mattis said: “There are some very good reasons to be concerned about another Taiwan Strait crisis over the next couple of years.
“It’s not that we can’t prevent it, or at least shape it in some way, but if we’re not thinking about it and all of a sudden this starts happening, this is a foreseeable crisis and not one that should surprise us.”
A version of this article first appeared on news.com.au

