Why was Meng Wanzhou arrested and will the Huawei executive be released?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7922977/meng-wanzhou-arreated-huawei-released/
7th December 2018, 12:31 pm
MENG Wanzhou is one of the top executives at Chinese tech firm Huawei.
Here's what we know about the chief financial officer who has been arrested in Canada.
Reuters1 Meng Wanzhou was detained in Vancouver, British Columbia, on Saturday.
Who is Meng Wanzhou?
Meng Wanzhou is the chief financial officer of Chinese tech firm Huawei.
Wanzhou, also known as Sabrina Meng and Cathy Meng, was apprehended in Vancouver on December 1, according to Canadian Justice Department spokesman Ian McLeod.
In addition to her role as CFO, Meng serves as deputy chairwoman of Huawei's board.
She is Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei's daughter.
Why was she arrested?
Canadian authorities said Wednesday that they arrested the chief financial officer of China’s Huawei Technologies for possible extradition to the United States.
Justice Department spokesman Ian McLeod said Meng Wanzhou was detained in Vancouver, British Columbia, on Saturday.
The arrest took place on the same day Donald Trump met with Chinese President Xi Jinping to discuss the trade war after the close of the G20 summit in Argentina.
They agreed to a 90-day truce in an escalating trade war that is threatening world economic growth and has set global investors on edge.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that US authorities are investigating whether Chinese tech giant Huawei violated sanctions on Iran.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk What happened to Agnese? Mystery of waitress bundled into car by Brits outside Costa club EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? WHO'S THE VLADDY? Vladimir Putin's rumoured lover 'gives birth to twins in VIP clinic' ‘HEINOUS ABUSE’ Girl, 3, dies after being 'raped and battered by stepdad while mum watched' 
Will she be released?
The Chinese Embassy in Ottawa said her human rights were violated and demanded she be freed.
“The Chinese side firmly opposes and strongly protests over such kind of actions which seriously harmed the human rights of the victim,” the statement said.
Huawei issued a statement saying Meng was changing flights in Canada when she was detained “on behalf of the United States of America” to face “unspecified charges” in New York.
“The company has been provided very little information regarding the charges and is not aware of any wrongdoing by Ms. Meng,” the statement said.
Huawei said it complies with all laws and rules where it operates, including export controls and sanctions of the United Nations, the US and European Union.


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.



