China could remotely seize control of Britain’s systems with tiny microchips
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/7900364/china-seize-control-tiny-microchips/
4th December 2018, 9:52 pm
IT was a microchip the size of a grain of rice — yet potentially the most dangerous spy ever unleashed against the West.
Found hidden in the motherboards of Chinese-made servers shipped to the likes of the US Department of Defense and Amazon, they could allow China to remotely seize control of the systems.
Getty - Contributor5 China could remotely seize control of our systems with tiny microchips
From Drone footage to the operational systems of Navy warships — it could have all been up for grabs.
It seems to have been the latest move by the superpower to use its domination of global computer production to give itself a huge political and military advantage.
And now Britain’s top spy chief thinks the security risk is so high that we need to consider banning Chinese tech firms from delivering sensitive IT projects here.
The US, Australia, New Zealand and India are so worried they have already prohibited Chinese tech giant Huawei from being involved in building their countries’ next-generation 5G communications networks.
Reuters5 The Chinese have invested £20bn in British mobile company Three to bring 5G to the UK
They believe 5G — ten times faster than 4G — will become a critical part of national infrastructure and security, far too important to be at risk of Chinese involvment.
But Britain has already happily allowed the firm to sign a deal with Three to bring 5G here.
Now the head of MI6, Alex Younger, has declared: “We need to decide the extent to which we are going to be comfortable with Chinese ownership of these technologies and these platforms.
“We need to have a conversation.”
Reuters5 Data from Britain's military could be stolen also through microchips
Although supposedly independent from the Communist government, there is growing fear Huawei could be in the grip of the increasingly authoritarian President Xi Jinping.
Under laws brought in by Xi last year, owners of Chinese firms — including Huawei — face jail if they do not provide information to state intelligence services.
And former Foreign Secretary William Hague has warned: “In a world where most digital components and information infrastructure is made in China, we are faced with a new and critical threat.
“Hacking into our computers in the past was one thing, but the emerging danger is that the microchips being built into our telecommunications, financial systems and military hardware might be under the control of another country. Such suspicion is not fanciful.”
Getty - Contributor5 Chinese firm Hikvision already runs much of Britain's CCTV
Respected magazine Bloomberg Businessweek told in October how an ongoing investigation had found tiny malicious microchips on Chinese-made servers used by the US military and top firms. Although the reports have been denied, Bloomberg is standing by the story.
Meanwhile, Brit entrepreneur Sir James Dyson believes his firm’s intellectual property has been already been swiped by Chinese rivals.
He even accused Chinese students of implanting bugs in computers at British universities to nick research data.
It has been going on for years — in the mid-2000s Red Army hackers got hold of information about our prized stealth bomber, the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, and put a virus in the Foreign Office.
Getty Images - Getty5 Huawei could be in the grip of an increasingly authoritarian President Xi Jinping
But Chinese tech firms’ power here has only grown. For example, state-controlled Hikvision is the biggest provider of our CCTV systems.
Dr John Hemmings, of the Asia Studies Centre at the Henry Jackson Society, says Chinese tech firms should no longer be trusted.
He told The Sun: “The UK Government has to reconsider giving open access to its 5G network to companies like Huawei without serious safeguards.”
Huawei is the largest telecommunications equipment manufacturer in the world and makes key kit such as antennas in phone masts. There is no evidence of any wrongdoing on its part, but that may not stop Xi’s cyber units from infiltrating its factories.
most read in TECHLatestHUNG UP EE back up after five HOUR outage that left thousands unable to make calls ExclusiveNO WEI! EE, O2 and Vodafone slammed for selling Huawei phones 'that might not work' CORE OF THE PROBLEM? Apple engineer says pressure to design iPhone is reason I’m divorced SIRI THE SEXIST Siri encourages sexism by flirting with men who call her a sl*t, says UN BreakingLOGGED OFF Virgin Media gaffe that left thousands of Brits with no internet now 'fixed' ONE GIANT LEAK Secret Nasa plans for lunar base and 37 rocket launches to the Moon leaked 
A cyber hack on Britain’s communications network could bring hospitals, transport, police, banks and energy networks to a halt.
The Government is currently carrying out a review of its plans for 5G mobile coverage.
But former No10 security adviser Admiral Lord West thinks we have little choice but to deal with China.
He said: “I am concerned. There is no doubt over time the Chinese have taken a massive amount of intellectual property from us.
“But we can’t just exclude Huawei. They are providing some of the very best 5G kit at a good price.”
Why US war with China is inevitable unless we act now, according to leading  defence analyst

