Fears futuristic weapons like space missiles and killer robots could spark World War 3 as Nato urged to curb sci-fi arms race
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7885121/nato-weapons-space-missiles-robots-ww3/
3rd December 2018, 11:29 am
THERE are fears futuristic weapons like killer robots, space missiles and autonomous tanks could spark World War Three if a new "sci-fi" arms race isn't curbed.
German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas warned such futuristic weapons would "soon become a deadly reality", and urged Nato that new thinking was required in order for the rules of warfare to keep pace.
EPA8 Germany's Minister of Foreign Affairs Heiko Maas has warned of the dangers of the next generations of weapons
Nato will convene to discuss disarmament this week, but Maas said discussions had to move beyond Russia and begin dealing with the crossroads the planet was at.
Such recent next-generation weapons include Russia and Britain recently unveiling AI-enhanced supersonic fighter jets, smart nuclear weapons, and autonomous tanks
Now Nato must extend the conversation beyond chemical and nuclear, and into space and artificial intelligence technologies, Maas said.
There are many who have voiced concerns over an impending World War Three, with Nato, Russia and China all recently performing massive war games in preparation for future armed conflicts.
YouTube / Roberto Leones Masini8 Russian military leaders have unveiled their secret state-of-the art robot army – which has an android gunslinger in its ranks.
Reuters8 Nato most often concentrates on the threats posed by nuclear and chemical weapons
Meanwhile top military and intelligence brass have warned that a massive clash between developed nations is becoming a distinct possibility, with one US commander saying war with China was likely within 15 years.
Maas is quoted in The Times as saying: "I’m also thinking of fully automated weapons systems that can kill entirely independent of human control."
Currently such weapons are illegal under The Geneva Convention, which dictate that a human actor must be involved in any act of warfare, but this can be reduced to the pressing of a button.
The German is also expected to raise fears around China being outside global disarmament treaties, such as the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty originally signed by Russia and the USA banning land-based mid-range nuclear missiles and launchers.
The moves come as Trump and the US are reportedly seeking to push for controls on missiles and hi-tech weapons to counter China's growing arsenal.
How futuristic weapons will dominate battlefields of the future
FUTURE OF THE AIR

Putin’s Russia, which is currently reported to have thousands of troops in the occupied Ukrainian region of Crimea, is said to be developing an AI enhanced fighter jet equipped with missiles that fly at five times the speed of sound.
Meanwhile, back home, military chiefs in June unveiled plans to build a pilotless fighter jet known as Tempest. The bomber will use machine learning to seek out and destroy targets.
Under Communist leader Xi Jinping, China has been flexing its military muscle of late and in April paraded its new ‘Guam Killer’ – a nuclear bomb that is believed to be capable of hitting the US.

FUTURE OF THE LAND

The Russians hae made a Terminator style robot called FEDOR which can drive a car, use tools – and even carry handguns.
In a sign of how far military capability has come since the Cold War, both the US and Russia are building unmanned tanks.
In the Middle East, the UAE, Abu Dhabi and Qatar are all developing lethal sentry guns capable of locking onto human or vehicle targets from 3km away – the guns work with just the touch of a button.

FUTURE OF THE SEA

China – which could conceivably replace the US as the globe’s next superpower – is reported to be testing a deadly railgun ship, which analysts say could significantly upgrade the country's naval warfare capabilities.


Getty - Contributor8 Earlier this year Russia unveiled a new plane that carries nuclear warheads with accuracy unsurpassed by any modern jet
AFP or licensors8 The Tempest is only a concept currently, but there are plans for production.
US robot tank 'The Crusher' tears across assault course during testing
CCTV8 China's recently unveiled new missile that can reach the US, travelling at supersonic speeds
Military.com8 DARPA’s Crusher is the new product coming from the Carnegie Mellon University’s National Robotics Engineering Center
Maas told the Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung newspaper: “It’s a question of the survival of humanity.”
Speaking to The Sun Online, Noel Sharkey, a professor of artificial intelligence and robots at the University of Sheffield, said previously any prospect of large armies meeting on a battlefield was gone.
The rise of drone warfare, which would have been deemed science fiction a decade ago, was proof of the leaps warfare has taken.
He is part of an organisation lobbying to have intelligent killer robots banned, a prospect he is hopeful for.
AFP - Getty8 China's newest aircraft carrier, so far known only as Type 001A (CV-17), is a reverse-engineered and much more powerful version of its Soviet-built Liaoning Type 001
MOST READ IN NEWS'BRING IT BACK' Jeremy Kyle guest calls for show's return saying it saved her relationship LEARN THE SIGNS Sepsis patients are 'human beings on FIRE' says quadruple amputee BreakingAIRPORT CHAOS London Stansted flights delayed after runway tarmac is damaged sparking works BreakingNO DEAL FOR STEEL British Steel COLLAPSES after funding fail putting 25,000 jobs at risk QuizTEST YOURSELF Could you pass a GCSE in 2019? Here are the questions you need to get right IS IT YOU? Mystery Lotto player who has scooped £1m jackpot must come forward TODAY 
Any claim that AI weapons would shorten war or keep soldiers and civilians out of harms way were rubbish, Sharkey said.
The principal of force multiplication would also apply, and the runaway effect of a conflict between autonomous robots would be totally unpredictable.
"What happens when one swarm meets another? No one knows, it's like the wall street crash."

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

