How Putin plans to conquer Africa by loaning cash-strapped governments money and exploiting their natural resources
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7871883/how-putin-plans-to-conquer-africa-by-loaning-cash-strapped-governments-money-and-exploiting-their-natural-resources/
30th November 2018, 11:39 pm
RUSSIA is using every trick in the book to increase its influence in Africa - including forking out massive loans to coax poorer nations into falling in line.
As well as getting an important military foothold, Russia most likely also has its eyes on the continent's impressive mineral wealth.
Getty - Contributor9 Much of Putin's influence comes from loans that impoverished African nations will struggle to repay
Already the European giant has upped its military presence in the likes of Ethiopia, Libya, Niger and Chad, all at a time when the US is pulling out.
It’s upped its political influence in Zimbabwe, Madagascar and the Democratic Republic of Congo, and is working on oil and gas projects from Algeria to Nigeria.
Its increasing influence comes as the United States reduces its troops across the continent by 10 per cent over the next few years to counter threats from Russia and China in other areas.
The man spearheading Russia's African rise is Yevgeny Prigozhin, according to Bloomberg.
Reuters9 Many African nations are still economically underdeveloped, and rely on loans from developed nations
9
AP:Associated Press9 Businessman Yevgeny Prigozhin is leading Russia's efforts in Russia
He’s the same man who was indicted for interfering in the 2016 US election.
The Russian businessman is also alleged to have helped Russia seize parts of Ukraine and turn the tide in the war in Syria.
Prigozhin and his army of soldiers and operatives are offering security, arms training and electioneering services in exchange for increased control of the region, the media company reported last week.
This can be seen across the continent.
AFP9 Trade between Russia and Africa has doubled over the last decade
In Sudan, the Wagner group has reportedly won gold and diamond concessions.
Egypt has been given a $25 billion Russian loan to build its first nuclear power plant.
Over in Eritea, Russia is planning to build a logistics hub close to Chinese and US bases in Dijbouti.
In Guinea, Russia is supporting a bid by President Alpha Conde to scrap term limits so he can seek to stay in power after 2020, similar to what President Xi Jinping did in China.
On the island of Madagascar, Russian election consultants are reportedly involved in a tight presidential race between Marc Ravalomanana and Andry Rajoelina for the top job.
AFP or licensors9 Supporters of Zimbabwe's opposition party Movement march against a worsening economic situation
Getty Images - Getty9 Children in a Nigerian village play football
The country is also yielding political influence in Zimbabwe, where Prigozhin’s consultants advised President Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa on his disputed election win last year.
Prigozhin and his men are also expanding their reach into the Democratic Republic of Congo, the continent’s second-largest country and one of the world’s richest in minerals.
Moment beaming Vladimir Putin ‘bro shakes’ with Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman in snub to Donald Trump over Khashoggi killing at G20 summit 
Russia appears to be trying to revive some of the relationships that lapsed after the Soviet Union’s collapse.
It joins a number of countries such as Turkey and the United Arab Emirates looking to set up bases in Africa, mediate in diplomatic stand-offs and strike business deals.
China has long had a major economic presence in Africa but it has shied away from any military involvement.
It did go a step further last year, however, opening its first military base outside China in Djibouti.
Near the world’s busiest shipping lanes, Djibouti is also home to a large French base, the only U.S. base in Africa, an Italian camp and Japan’s only overseas base.
Corbis9 Russian companies have been actively pursuing mining opportunities in some African nations
Djibouti blocked Russian attempts to set up a base, however, saying it wanted to avoid becoming the terrain for a proxy war.
Moscow is now planning to build a logistics center at a port in neighboring Eritrea.
As part of Russia’s renewed push, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov went on a five-nation tour of Africa in March this year, attended a summit in South Africa in June and visited Rwanda, chair of the African Union.
Russia has also struck military cooperation deals with many African countries since 2015, though some have yet to come into force.
Getty Images - Getty9 Members of an elite Egyptian military unit guard a military building as supporters of former Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi march
The agreements typically involve providing weapons and training in areas such as counter-terrorism and piracy.
Analysts caution that the deals often appear more symbolic than transformative and say it’s not clear if Russia has the resources to continue expanding its presence.
But as in the Cold War, military deals can come alongside economic links, such as mining and energy agreements.
Russian firms have signed mineral deals in Sudan, which cooperates with Moscow in defence technology, and Russia is looking at diamond and platinum projects in Zimbabwe as well as energy projects in Chad.
MOST READ IN NEWS'BRING IT BACK' Jeremy Kyle guest calls for show's return saying it saved her relationship LEARN THE SIGNS Sepsis patients are 'human beings on FIRE' says quadruple amputee BreakingAIRPORT CHAOS London Stansted flights delayed after runway tarmac is damaged sparking works BreakingNO DEAL FOR STEEL British Steel COLLAPSES after funding fail putting 25,000 jobs at risk QuizTEST YOURSELF Could you pass a GCSE in 2019? Here are the questions you need to get right IS IT YOU? Mystery Lotto player who has scooped £1m jackpot must come forward TODAY 
Over the past decade, Russian trade with sub-Saharan Africa has increased fast, albeit from a low base.
From 2010-2017, total trade rose to $4.2 billion a year from $1.6 billion, according to the Center for Strategic & International Studies.
During the same period, China’s total trade with sub-Saharan Africa nearly doubled to $165 billion while U.S. trade more than halved to $37 billion.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

