Buenos Aires earthquake hits G20 summit just as Donald Trump meets world leaders in Argentinian capital
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7868050/buenos-aires-eathquake-g20-summit-donald-trump-argentina/
30th November 2018, 2:48 pm
AN earthquake struck near Buenos Aries today as world leaders descended on the Argentinian capital for the crunch G20 summit.
The 3.8-magnitude tremor hit 20 miles south of the city where a number of those at the event reported seeing "the chandeliers sway slightly".
Reuters16 A quake has struck just south of Buenos Aires as world leaders gather in the city for the G20 summit
Reporter Steve Herman took to Twitter saying: "I was sitting next to @GalloVOA in the @WhiteHouse press filing centre here in Buenos Aires and we heard this rumble and saw the chandeliers sway slightly.
I assured him that as a veteran of many seismic events this was not an #earthquake. Wrong."
The quake hit at 10.27am local time according to the country's seismology centre.
Argentina's branch of the Red Cross tweeted out that no one had been reported injured in the earthquake.
Felt #earthquake (#sismo) M3.8 strikes 33 km S of Buenos Aires (#Argentina) 28 min ago. Please report to: https://t.co/bt7u9QQrY6 pic.twitter.com/J23KiIFTsL— EMSC (@LastQuake) November 30, 2018


I was sitting next to @GalloVOA in the @WhiteHouse press filing center here in Buenos Aires and we heard this rumble and saw the chandeliers sway slightly. I assured him that as a veteran of many seismic events this was not an #earthquake. Wrong. https://t.co/UlPZucYWLk— Steve Herman (@W7VOA) November 30, 2018


G20 Summit - US President Donald Trump gives speech on USMCA deal in Buenos Aires, Argentina
Reuters16 The Trump baby blimp has come back to haunt the US leader at the high-profile G20 summit
The US Geological Survey website indicates that the earthquake hit at approximately 1.27pm GMT, and had a depth of 10km.
Earlier a giant blimp portraying President Donald Trump as a nappy-wearing baby stole the show as the world's most powerful leaders arrived in Argentina for the start of the G20 summit.
The huge balloon floated over the capital city of Buenos Aires ahead of two days of talks already overshadowed by trade wars, the Ukraine crisis and the brutal murder of a Saudi journalist.
Massive protests are expected throughout today and more than 22,000 armed police and soldiers will be on duty.
AP:Associated Press16 President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump walk from Air Force One after landing in Argentina
EPA16 Trump today with Argentinian Mauricio Macri who is hosting the summit
The Trump balloon - which depicts him as a crying baby holding a cellphone - became infamous earlier this year when a version of it was flown in London to protest his visit to the UK.
It has since made appearances at protests in Florida, outside the President's Mar-a-Lago resort, and in Washington state near a venue where Vice President Pence was giving a speech.
The two-day summit - which begins later today - is supposed to focus on development, infrastructure and food security but bitter in-fighting is expected to lead to some explosive talks.
Reuters16 The Trump balloon became infamous earlier this year when a version of it was flown in London
AP:Associated Press16 Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman will be in the spotlight at the G20
Trump himself put on a brave face as he touched down in Argentina with First Lady Melania Trump late last night.
The under-fire president is reported to be in no mood for the talks after facing mounting pressure on both domestic and diplomatic fronts.
His trip south came hours after his former attorney Michael Cohen admitted to lying over his business talks with Russia during the 2016 campaign and after Trump dramatically cancelled a meeting with Vladimir Putin over the Ukraine crisis.
However, one man who seemed well up for the summit was French President Emmanuel Macron who was keen to emphasise the real importance of G20.
Reuters16 Russia's President Vladimir Putin arrives surrounded by security
AFP or licensors16 French President Emmanuel Macron was keen to emphasise the importance of the summit
EPA16 More than 22,000 armed police and soldiers will be on duty in the capital city
Reuters16 Protests are expected outside the summit throughout today
"I believe in our capacity to make the spirit of dialogue and cooperation triumph," Macron said warning if nations "close down," the alternative could be trade wars or armed conflict.
Macron then called for international involvement and "complete clarity" in investigations into the killing of dissident Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi,
He also said European leaders should discuss the killing - inside the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul - at a meeting due to be held this afternoon.
Argentina's President Mauricio Macri insisted the matter of the killing would be "on the table" during bilateral and possibly broader meetings.
G20 Summit - Theresa May in Buenos Aires, Argentina as Brexit row rumbles on
AFP or licensors16 Theresa May is welcomed by the British Ambassador to the Argentine Republic Mark Kent
Reuters16 Macron and Argentina's President Mauricio Macri shake hands during a news conference
Reuters16 A trump figure made of recycled materials is seen during one protest
Theresa May to tell Donald Trump 'we CAN have a trade deal' at the G20 summit
Saudia Arabia has denied that Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman - who is also at the summit - played any role in Khashoggi's gruesome slaying.
Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who has been sharply critical of Saudi Arabia over the incident is also in attendance.
The Kremlin earlier said it had not been notified about Trump's cancelling of the meeting and only learned about it from his tweet.
It said it believed the cancellation was down to US "domestic" issues rather than the ongoing Ukraine situation.
Russian news agencies quoted Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov as saying the cancellation means that Putin will have "a couple more hours" for "useful meetings" with other G20 leaders.
AFP or licensors16 China's President Xi Jinping and China's First Lady Peng Liyuan, wave upon arrival at Ezeiza International airport
AFP or licensors16 A sniper stands on a roof overlooking Ministro Pistarini international airport during the arrival of G20 leaders
EPA16 Police and military authorities guard the Casa Rosada, in Buenos Aires
Trump was still scheduled to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping, but analysts were not optimistic about prospects for a major breakthrough on the two countries' trade disputes a month before US tariffs on Chinese goods are set to ramp up.
Speaking to reporters at the White House, Trump said that while China was interested in striking a deal, "I don't know if I want to do it" and "I like the deal we have now".
However, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Zhuang said he was hopeful.
"We hope the US can show sincerity and meet China halfway, to promote a proposal that both countries can accept," he said, quoted by Reuters.
Macron later criticised protectionist stances by the US President but said they have no plans for a one-on-one at the summit.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
The two have increasingly clashed in recent weeks on everything from Trump's nationalism to wine tariffs.
Other European leaders at the summit are facing domestic struggles of their own.
Theresa May is fighting for political survival as she tries to pull her country out of the European Union.
Germany's Angela Merkel is preparing to leave politics after announcing last month she would give up leadership of her party, a post she has held since 2000.
Italy's Giuseppe Conte heads a populist coalition that is clashing with the EU and suffers internal divisions.
Donald Trump and Angela Merkel praise Ivanka during G20 female entrepreneur panel
 

