US-China trade war: How did it start, how much is at stake, what has Trump said about it?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9082139/what-us-china-trade-war-tariffs-trump/
16th May 2019, 9:44 pm
THERE are hopes talks will resume in June between the US and China over their ongoing trade war dispute.
The two world powers are currently locked in an increasingly bitter row over trade deals with both sides threatening to hike tariffs on their respective imports.
AP:Associated Press4 Trump is confident he can win the trade war with China
How did the US-China trade war start?
The basis for the dispute lies with the US President Donald Trump wanting to “Make America Great Again” and part of that is to redress what he sees as unfair trade deals the US has agreed to in the past.
He wants to bring more production back into the country as a way to protect US jobs, he believes such past agreements have been a rip-off for the US.
During the 2016 election campaign, Trump accused Beijing of “raping” US workers.
The Chinese Premier Xi Jinping is also a leader who is said to not want to be seen to back down with both leaders seeing the honour of their nation at stake.
AP:Associated Press4 Chinese leader Xi Jinping has said he won't back down in the dispute
How much is at stake?
Words turned to action on July 6, 2018, when both sides levied tariffs on $34bn worth of goods.
This was then increased by $16bn by both sides on August 23, 2018.
The stakes were raised yet again on September 17, 2018, when the US imposed $200bn at a rate of 10 per cent while China was more cautious imposing the same rate but on $60bn.
A ceasefire of sorts was then introduced in December 2018 with the two sides agreeing to start negotiations and tariffs were paused.
But despite numerous rounds of talks no agreement has been reached and the US then said it would raise tariffs on $200bn of China goods to 25 per cent.
On May 13, 2019, China said it would increase tariffs on £46bn ($60bn) of US exports, which caused stock markets to tumble.
AP:Associated Press4 A lengthy trade dispute could see both economies adversely affected
The Sun has reported that a US tax of 25 per cent on Chinese-made goods would mean the cost of an iPhone XS would rise by £124.
President Trump has put a lot of weight behind his economic record and believes his track record could see him re-elected and boost his view of himself being a master deal maker.
But any prolonged trade war could see both economies affected with inflationary pressures creeping in as prices rise.
That too could have a knock-on effect to other countries that deal heavily with either the US or China.
There are also non-economic factors at stake, with both Trump and Xi wanting to be seen as strong leaders.
Trump has has declared a national emergency over threats against US technology – paving the way for a ban on Chinese firm Huawei.
Yesterday he signed an executive order effectively barring US companies from using foreign telecoms believed to pose a security risk to the country.
Trump did not name any company specifically in the order.
But analysts have suggested it is mainly directed at Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei.
US officials have previously labelled Huawei a "threat" and actively lobbied allies to not using Huawei network equipment in next generation 5G networks.
Washington believes equipment made by Huawei, the world’s third largest smartphone maker, could be used by the Chinese state to spy.
Huawei has repeatedly denied these allegations.
What has Donald Trump said about it?
Despite the diplomatic niceties on both sides, the situation is becoming tenser.
Both nations want to appear to be in contact but relations are becoming strained.
China's foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on May 14: "The two heads of state maintain contact through various means."
But behind the façade tensions have mounted and the talks in early May ended without any sign of an agreement.
Mr Geng told a news briefing in Beijing that China would "never surrender to external pressure".
AP:Associated Press4 Xi recently met with the Russian President Vladimir Putin, left
Similarly, Trump said that the US had “a very good relationship” with China and the two sides would have talks during the G20 summit on June 28-29.
In a Twitter message, Trump took a much more bullish approach: “We are now a much bigger economy than China, and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 Election. We are the 'piggy bank' that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of. NO MORE!"
Trump has also warned that China would be "hurt very badly" if it didn't strike a trade deal with the US.
Xi’s views can be seen in an article in the state-owned Chinese newspaper the People’s Daily which accused the US of misjudging China's "strength, capability and willpower" and of taking a "risky and impetuous decision."
It added: “The trade war in the United States is the creation of one person and his administration who have swept along the entire population of the country.
“Whereas the entire country and all the people of China are being threatened. For us, this is a real 'people's war'.”
And in a statement read out during the 7pm news on state broadcaster CCTV, Beijing said it would “fight for a new world.”
In footage which has since gone viral in China, news anchor Kang Hui said: “As President Xi Jinping pointed out, the Chinese economy is a sea, not a small pond.
“A rainstorm can destroy a small pond, but it cannot harm the sea. After numerous storms, the sea is still there.”

