Will Donald Trump pull the US out of the World Trade Organisation and is he going to impose tariffs on China?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7146447/donald-trump-world-trade-organisation-wto-tariffs-china/
27th November 2018, 9:45 am
PRESIDENT Donald Trump has threatened to pull the United States out of the World Trade Organisation as it treats the the US unfairly, he claims.
The Republican President slapped tariffs valued at $200billion ($152bn) on Chinese goods which came into effect on September 24, 2018. Here's the latest.
Reuters1 Trump has threatened to pull the US out of the World Trade Organisation
Will Donald Trump pull the US out of the World Trade Organisation?
President Donald Trump has threatened to withdraw the US from the World Trade Organisation (WTO), claiming it treats the US unfairly.
In an interview with Bloomberg News, Trump said: "If they don’t shape up, I would withdraw from the WTO."
The World Trade Organisation is an intergovernmental organisation that regulates international trade and deals with regulation of trade in goods, services and intellectual property between participating countries.
It provides a framework for negotiating trade agreements and has a dispute resolution process aimed at enforcing participants' adherence to WTO agreements.
Trump said the agreement establishing the body "was the single worst trade deal ever made" and claimed the US has been treated "very badly" by the WTO for many years and that the Geneva-based body needs to “change their ways."
Trump says the body too often rules against the US, although he concedes it has won some recent judgments.
What are the tariffs he has imposed on China?
President Trump imposed levies on nearly 6,000 Chinese items, costing $200bn (£152bn).
Goods such as luggage, housewares and foods will be included, but smart watches and highchairs have been excluded.
Tariffs will start at ten per cent from September 24, 2018, rising to 25 per cent in January – unless the two countries can agree a deal.
And Trump warned that if Beijing does take retaliatory action, he’ll slap a further $267bn (£203bn) on “additional imports”.
That would raise the total affected by US penalties to $517bn (£390bn) - covering nearly all goods China sells the United States.
Announcing the tariffs, Trump said in a statement: “If China takes retaliatory action against our farmers or other industries, we will immediately pursue phase three, which is tariffs on approximately $267bn of additional imports.”
Further tariffs on $16billion of goods were slapped in August, but came into effect in late September.
China hit back with tariffs on £45billion worth of US goods.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
 
What has Trump said now?
On November 27, 2018, Trump said he was likely to go ahead with a further hike on tariffs currently imposed on Chinese goods.
The comments come ahead of a planned meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of this week's G20 summit.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the tariffs would be raised from 10 per cent to 25 per cent on $200bn (£156bn) worth of goods.
Trump also threatened hitting the rest of China's imports to the US with tariffs if talks did not go well.
The US president has allegedly said it is "highly unlikely" that he would agree to Beijing's request to hold off on the planned tariff rise scheduled for January 2o19.
​US President Donald ​Trump announces ​$200 billion of ​new tariffs on China

