China plans undersea ‘robot colony’ base for unmanned submarine drones in South China Sea
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7830125/china-plans-undersea-robot-colony-base-for-unmanned-submarine-drones-in-south-china-sea/
26th November 2018, 2:04 pm
CHINA is to build a deep sea colony for 'robots' to run science and defence operations in the depths of the South China Sea.
The state-of the-art submarine centre would become the first artificial intelligence colony on Earth, says scientists involved in the bizarre plan.
Getty - Contributor4 The undersea base will scour the ocean's floor using a fleet of robotic submarines
The shock move follows a visit to a deep sea research institute at Sanya, Hainan province by Chinese President Xi Jinping earlier this year.
During April's visit, he urged scientists and engineers to break new grounds in underwater research, reports the South China Morning Post. 
“There is no road in the deep sea, we do not need to chase (after other countries), we are the road,” he told the academics.
The idea of Atlantis-style deep sea living has fascinated scientists and science fiction writers for decades.
Reuters4 The state-of-the-art underwater station would be based in the South China Sea
Getty Images - Getty4 Chinese President Xi Jinping has called for his scientists to break new ground
Those behind the scheme have set their sights on the Hadal Zone - a V-shape abyss - which can be found at depths of up to 11,000 metres.
The ambitious project will cost Chinese taxpayers 1.1 billion yuan (£120m), revealed the project leaders comparing the plan to space travel.
“It is as challenging as building a colony on another planet for robotic residents with artificial intelligence,” said one of the scientists.
“The technology can change the world.”
Robot submarines will be sent to survey seabeds, record life forms while  cataloguing and collect all simple mineral samples.
Getty - Contributor4 The under-sea station will analyse marine samples before sending full reports to the surface
As a self-contained laboratory, the under-sea station will analyse all the samples before sending full reports to the surface.
Dr Du Qinghai, of Shanghai Ocean University, said it will need to be incredible strong to handle enormous water pressure.
“It can be more difficult than building a space station. No other country has done this before,” said Du.
He added much of the massive budget would be used to research and develop the base's technology and materials.
TV explorer believes he may have discovered the lost city of Atlantis while searching for treasure beneath the Bermuda Triangle 
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWS'BRING IT BACK' Jeremy Kyle guest calls for show's return saying it saved her relationship LEARN THE SIGNS Sepsis patients are 'human beings on FIRE' says quadruple amputee BreakingAIRPORT CHAOS London Stansted flights delayed after runway tarmac is damaged sparking works BreakingNO DEAL FOR STEEL British Steel COLLAPSES after funding fail putting 25,000 jobs at risk QuizTEST YOURSELF Could you pass a GCSE in 2019? Here are the questions you need to get right IS IT YOU? Mystery Lotto player who has scooped £1m jackpot must come forward TODAY 
About 99 per cent of the ocean floor remains unexplored, according to the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
One possible location is the Manila Trench, according to Yan, who has spent decades studying the South China Sea’s floors.
“It is the only place in the South China Sea with a depth exceeding 5,000 metres,” he revealed.
The Manila Trench is where the southeastern part of Eurasian plate meets the Pacific plate.
 

