China promises creepy Black Mirror ‘social credit’ scores for EVERYONE by 2020
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/7809242/china-promises-creepy-social-credit-scores-for-everyone-by-2020-heres-how-the-black-mirror-tech-works/
23rd November 2018, 9:56 am
CHINA is set to create 'social credit' scores for all of its permanent residents by 2020, according to plans published this week by the Beijing Municipal Commission of Development and Reform.
The credit scores will determine the extent of Chinese people's access to jobs, public services, travel, and even the ability to date.
Getty Images3 China's social credit system also aims to determine whether people are 'idle' citizens who spend too much time playing video games
China has been slowly building a social credit score system for around four years now, after the State Council of China published a plan in 2014 to assign scores of 'trustworthiness' to the country's 1.4 billion citizens.
Initially, the system that emerged was voluntary, with Chinese people being invited to sign up to receive scores based on what they do in public and online, and on who they associate with.
Now, the Beijing Municipal Commission of Development and Reform has announced that it will register all Beijing residents and businesses with the system by 2020, bringing it in line with the Chinese government's plan to make the nationwide system mandatory by that same year.
"The city will improve its blacklist system and publish the default records of individuals and enterprises regularly, for penalizing ['bad'] behaviour," said the Commission's plan.
Getty Images3 Plans for the nationwide social credit system were published in 2014, under the guidance of President Xi Jinping (above)
Even now, the expanding social credit system in China covers almost every public aspect of a person's behaviour, and it can similarly limit their access to almost every conceivable good or service they might need.
For example, one of the most alarming areas in which your social credit score matters is dating, with high-score citizens being granted more visibility on dating apps.
Other things that social credit scores affect include the ability to send your children to private schools and universities, to travel on trains and planes, and to stay at the best hotels.
There are also reports that having a low score can result in your internet speeds being slowed, and in you being prevented from applying for management and other higher profile jobs
Getty Images3 Earlier this year a student was denied his place at a Chinese university because his father had a low credit score arising from unpaid debts
While the specific technicalities of how the system works haven't been fully publicised, reports indicate that a variety of private and public bodies monitor such things as whether citizens pay their bills on time, how they use social media, how they use the internet, whether they break laws and regulations, and even whether they refuse military service.
By looking at such things, the system then assigns participants a score (usually between 350 to 950), with certain low scores resulting in people being 'blacklisted' from particular services.
MOST READ IN TECHLatestHUNG UP EE back up after five HOUR outage that left thousands unable to make calls ExclusiveNO WEI! EE, O2 and Vodafone slammed for selling Huawei phones 'that might not work' CORE OF THE PROBLEM? Apple engineer says pressure to design iPhone is reason I’m divorced SIRI THE SEXIST Siri encourages sexism by flirting with men who call her a sl*t, says UN BreakingLOGGED OFF Virgin Media gaffe that left thousands of Brits with no internet now 'fixed' ONE GIANT LEAK Secret Nasa plans for lunar base and 37 rocket launches to the Moon leaked 
While people outside of China might be tempted to suppose that things could never be as bad in, say, the UK or the US, there are creeping signs that Western companies and countries are introducing similar, albeit less centralised systems.
In September, it was revealed that Apple introduced 'trust' scores for its users with the new iOS 12 operating system, which ranks users according to their phone and email habits.
And in August, it was also revealed that Facebook was doing something comparable, rating users 'trustworthy' or not based on how they commented on and flagged news stories.
Do you think any thing like China's social credit system could be introduced in the UK? Let us know in the comments.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

