China unveils war tanks with ‘self-destruct’ button to destroy vehicle if captured
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7772848/china-war-tanks-self-destruct-button-vehicle/
18th November 2018, 11:25 pm
A TANK with a "self-destruct button" has been developed by China in a bid render it useless if captured in battle. 
The so-called “kamikaze” war fighting machine has a suicide mode fitted inside the tank commander’s position which is to be pressed at the crucial moment.
3 Hundreds of the tanks are rolling off the production line as Beijing aims its sights on superpower status
Once pressed the crew evacuate the VT-4 tank and an explosion puts it out of action, making it useless to the enemy. 
Its makers claim it's among the most advanced battle tanks in the world.
It was first unveiled to the world in 2012 and Beijing now wants to export it abroad to help fund its further development.
The 52-tonne tank is capable of travelling at a top speed of 43mph with a cruising range of about 310 miles.
It needs just three crew members to operate and a trio of lethal artillery can obliterate anything in its path - if the opposition does not target the tank first of course.
Thai Army3 The panel inside the tank which sets the self-destruction timer
3 The tank can reach speeds of up to 43mph
China hopes to match and overtake the US in military power, something many analysts believe it is capable of doing in the coming decades. 
Last week the country of 1.4bn showcased its j-20 stealth fighter jet. 
China also plans to increase its military spending by more than eight per cent to £127bn- as it battles to become the world superpower.
MOST READ IN NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
The news comes as President Xi Jinping works to increase both the sophistication and reach of his country's military might.
He has vowed to make China the world’s most powerful fighting force by 2050.
PLA has gone from strength-to-strength in recent years - thanks to trillions of pounds in investment.
China also has the ability to strike enemy targets with millimetre-level precision after sending Beidou 3 satellites into orbit to boost its space-based navigation system.
China unveils J-20 stealth fighter jet missile strength in major show of force but it has a 'embarrassing flaw'

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 
 

