China’s military ordered to ‘concentrate preparations for fighting a war’ as tensions with West grow
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7606950/china-xi-jinping-military-prepare-war/
29th October 2018, 10:35 am
CHINA's President Xi Jinping has told his military commanders to “concentrate preparations for fighting a war” as Beijing ramps up fighting talk with the West.
The communist ruler's instructions come amid rising tensions over the future of the South China Sea and Taiwan and weeks after a Chinese warship tried to ram a US Navy destroyer.
Alamy7 President Xi Jinping has told generals to 'prepare for war' in the South China Sea
China Central Television presented a speech from President Xi - who has claimed the position in perpetuity - when he met troops and generals on a tour of Guangzhou province.
He told officers of the Southern Theatre Command: “It’s necessary to strengthen the mission … and concentrate preparations for fighting a war.
“We need to take all complex situations into consideration and make emergency plans accordingly.”
He also reportedly said the regional command was having to bear a “heavy military responsibility” as it was responsible for operations in the disputed South China Sea.
Reuters7 Chinese warships and aircraft take part in exercises in the South China Sea in April
US Navy accuses Beijing of trying to militarise the South China Sea 
China has claimed sovereignty over the strategic waterway, a major shipping route, and built artificial islands bristling with military hardware including missile silos and fighter jet bases.
President Xi also “underlined the importance of preparing for war and combat”, state-run press agency Xinhua reported.
It said he had “stressed the need to focus on combat research and commanding ... to comprehensively boost the military’s battle-winning ability.”
The president also obliquely instructed his military to ramp up opposition to "freedom of navigation" exercises being undertaken by the US, Australia, France, the UK, Japan and others through the South China Sea.
His comments represent a significant ramping-up of the rhetoric being exchanged between Beijing and Washington.
Alamy7 President Xi meeting officers of the Southern Theatre Command of the People's Liberation Army last week
Reuters7 China has built up military bases on artificial islands such as Woody Island in the disputed Paracel Archipelago
China has been angered by US sanctions on its military for buying weapons from Russia, and by what Beijing sees as renewed Washington support for democratic Taiwan.
Earlier this month, US Vice-President Mike Pence stoked tensions further, saying: “Using that stolen technology, the Chinese Communist Party is turning ploughshares into swords on a massive scale.”
And last week defence minister Wei Feng said Beijing would never give up “one single piece” of its territory, reports the South China Morning Post.
He also warned that “repeated challenges” to China’s sovereignty over Taiwan - which has seen mass protests calling for full independence - would lead to military action “at any cost”.
Ministry of National Defence of The People's Republic of China7 Xi Jinping reviewing a naval parade in the South China Sea, which the country claims as its own in the face of international condemnation
AP:Associated Press7 A Chinese H-6K bomber patrols the islands and reefs in the South China Sea in May
Military analyst Collin Koh, a research fellow at Nanyang Technological University in Singapore, said the president's comments were “likely intended as a signal to the US in particular and any parties that Beijing perceives to be causing provocation.”
He also predicted further clashes to come in the South China Sea.
Britain was accused of "deliberately provoking" China by sailing HMS Albion close to  the disputed Paracel Islands in September.
Earlier this month a Chinese destroyer almost rammed the USS Decatur, forcing its crew to take evasive action, in an effort to force it to leave the disputed waters.
Shortly after the near-miss, the Chinese defence ministry criticised the US for “gravely threatening China’s sovereignty and security, severely damaging relations between the two militaries and significantly undermining regional peace and stability”.
AP:Associated Press7 US Navy destroyer USS Decatur had to take evasive action when a Chinese warship tried to ram it in October
The UN considers much of the South China Sea to be international waters, and refused to recognise that Beijing’s artificial island fortresses give it any legitimate claim to the region.
Beijing, however, continues to stick by its claim — despite it being rejected by an international court — that it has historical dominance over the sea between Vietnam, Malaysia and the Philippines.
US Secretary of Defence James Mattis cancelled his trip to Beijing in response to rising tensions.
Last month, the Chinese government revoked permission for a US warship to visit Hong Kong and recalled its leading naval official from Washington.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
China’s military power has dramatically increased in recent years. It now has more warships and submarines than the United States.
China has brought into service new stealth fighters and long-range missile-carrying bombers. Its warships are also now equipped with advanced radar and control systems.
Most significantly, however, has been Beijing’s leapfrog ahead of the West in the arena of hypersonic weapons.
It has demonstrated the capabilities of its ballistic guide vehicles and electromagnetic-rail guns, both of which have the capacity to overwhelm existing defensive systems.
China declares US warships operating in the South China Sea are harming the country's sovereignty

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


