US-China trade war: China has $5 TRILLION war chest to fight back against tariffs experts warn
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9086820/china-5-trillion-war-chest-tariffs-war-first-shots-fired/
16th May 2019, 10:52 am
CHINA has a $5trillion war chest to counter US tariffs amid an escalating trade war between the two superpowers, experts have warned.
Fiscal firepower is said to be the first weapon used in a broader US-China conflict as both nations struggle for global dominance.
Reuters2 Chinese president Xi Jinping called for a 'peoples war' against the US while Donald Trump previously accused Beijing of 'raping' American workers
It comes as America flexes its military might by sending warships through the South China Sea, where Chinese forces have turned disputed islands into military outposts.
The current economic standoff - a result of crumbling trade talks - has been likened to the first shots being fired by the two nations.
Chief political commentator of the FT Philip Stephens described the trade dispute as "alarming" and China as a "threat" to the US.
US President Donald Trump has fiercely opposed China's "Belt and Road" global investment drive amid concerns it's designed to create a modern day Silk Road to strengthen the country's economic power.
Trump, who's stated aim is to "Make America Great Again", has tried to bring more production back to his country by doubling tariffs on imported Chinese goods.
This week, China hit out against the "greed and arrogance" of the US and called for a "people's war" against Washington.
TRADING BLOWS
But Chinese president Xi Jinping's main defence against trade-war fallout is a $5trillion war chest.
Data released yesterday show central and local authorities in China have at least 25.1trillion yuan ($5trillion) unspent in their budget this year, The Straight Times reports.
The sum is the equivalent of the entire annual output of Germany.
Serena Zhou, an economist at Mizuho Securities Adia in Hong Kong, told the outlet: "Chinese leaders will be able to better utilise different kinds of policy tools than their US counterparts if the trade war persists, and that's where China's confidence comes from.
"From monetary policy and fiscal policy to the dominant role of the state-owned enterprises, China's control on the economy is obviously stronger than the US."
There are hopes talks will resume in June between the two nations over their economic dispute.
China's foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on May 14: "The two heads of state maintain contact through various means."
But behind the façade tensions have mounted and the talks in early May ended without any sign of an agreement.
most read in world newsZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
Mr Geng told a news briefing in Beijing that China would "never surrender to external pressure".
Similarly, Trump said that the US had “a very good relationship” with China and the two sides would have talks during the G20 summit on June 28-29.
However, during his 2016 election campaign, he accused Beijing of "raping" US workers.
Getty - Pool2 It is hoped talks between the two powers will resume in June at the next G20 summit
President Trump hits out as China for ‘trying to renegotiate a trade deal’ as the US increases tariffs on $200b worth of Chinese goods

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

