America is ‘very likely’ to go to war with China within 15 years, says former commander of the US Army… and he’s not sure who’ll win
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7579079/america-war-china-15-years/
25th October 2018, 11:42 am
A FORMER US military commander has warned it is very likely the United States will be at war with China within 15 years.
Retired lieutenant general Ben Hodges said America's European allies would have to ensure their own defence against Russia, because the US would have to concentrate on defending their interests in the Pacific.
Getty - Contributor5 The former commander of US forces in Europe Ben Hodges said China now controlled 10 per cent of ports in Europe
Hodges told a packed room at the Warsaw Security Forum: “The United States needs a very strong European pillar. I think in 15 years — it’s not inevitable — but it is a very strong likelihood that we will be at war with China.”
“The United States does not have the capacity to do everything it has to do in Europe and in the Pacific to deal with the Chinese threat,” Hodges said.
Hodges was US Army commander in Europe from 2014 until last year.
He now is a strategic expert with the Center for European Policy Analysis, a Washington-based research institute.
AFP or licensors5 President Donald Trump and China's President Xi Jinping have been trading tariffs in an escalating trade war in recent times
AFP or licensors5 A US marine stands guard next to Japanese Ground Home Defence Forces facing the South China Sea
China might have teased its H-20 stealth bomber by trolling the US
Despite shifting geopolitical priorities, Hodges said the US commitment remained “unshakable”.
He said he was certain the Trump administration viewed Europe’s security as a key US interest even though the president had sometimes questioned the Western military alliance’s usefulness.
“So you’re going to see us continue to invest here in Europe, continue to train, to practice rotational forces, as well as permanently assign forces for the eventuality that in 10 or 15 years we’re going to be having to fight in the Pacific,” Hodges said.
Trump has previously claimed the US is making an unfairly large contribution to Nato (North Atlantic Treaty Organization) and demanded member countries reach the two per cent GDP benchmark for defence contributions.
Donald Trump says it's a privilege for every country to do business with US as he hails NAFTA replacement trade deal and slams China
Getty - Contributor5 Chinese tank destroyer during a parade of military hardware and aviation in 2018
5
Countries around the world owe huge sums to President Xi Jinping's China, and a US commander says this could contribute to a future war
MOST READ IN NEWS'BRING IT BACK' Jeremy Kyle guest calls for show's return saying it saved her relationship LEARN THE SIGNS Sepsis patients are 'human beings on FIRE' says quadruple amputee BreakingAIRPORT CHAOS London Stansted flights delayed after runway tarmac is damaged sparking works BreakingNO DEAL FOR STEEL British Steel COLLAPSES after funding fail putting 25,000 jobs at risk QuizTEST YOURSELF Could you pass a GCSE in 2019? Here are the questions you need to get right IS IT YOU? Mystery Lotto player who has scooped £1m jackpot must come forward TODAY 
Hodges told The Associated Press that a recent near-miss between a US Navy destroyer and a Chinese warship in the disputed South China Sea was only one of the signs pointing to an “an increasingly tense relationship and increasing competition in all the different domains”.
Others, he said, are China’s “constant stealing of technology” and how China is gaining control of infrastructure by funding projects in Africa and Europe.
He said that in Europe, China owns more than 10 per cent of the ports.
The ongoing trade war between China and the US is also likely to increase tensions, with America slapping $200billion worth of tariffs of Chinese goods and Beijing responding in kind with $60billion worth.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

