Hong Kong to Macau bridge stretching 34 miles finally opens completing the longest sea-crossing in human history
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7552307/hong-kong-to-macau-bridge-opens-longest-sea-crossing-history-china/
22nd October 2018, 10:56 am
CHINA has opened a £15billion bridge stretching 34 miles from Hong Kong to Macau –  which is the longest sea-crossing ever built.
Constructed over nine years, the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge (HKZM) can withstand a magnitude eight earthquake and a super typhoon.
AP:Associated Press10 The road bridge connects Hong Kong and Macau to the Chinese mainland city of Zhuhai
Engineers used 400,000 tons of steel to create the record-breaking road includes – nearly five times the amount of metal in San Francisco's Golden Gate Bridge.
The massive transport link connects Hong Kong and Macau to the Chinese mainland city of Zhuhai.
President Xi Jinping is scheduled to attend the opening ceremony today while public traffic can start using the bridge on Wednesday.
The 34 mile bridge stretches across 11 cities in southern China which have a combined population of 68 million people.
10 The bridge is longest sea-crossing ever built
AP:Associated Press10 Beijing officials claim the transport link will dramatically cut commuting time in southern China
Reuters10 Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge (HKZM) cost $15billion
AP:Associated Press10 The giant bridge has 400,000 tons of steel
AP:Associated Press10 The record-breaking bridge stretches over 34 miles from Hong Kong to Macau
The bridge includes a four mile underwater tunnel near the Hong Kong side which will help cars avoid ships coming and going from the busy Pearl River Delta estuary.
Officials claim the link will dramatically cut journey times in the region.
However, drivers in the semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong, which has seen anti-government protests in the past, will only be able to cross the bridge with a special permit.
Commuters in the former British colony will have to use shuttle buses or hire cars after passing through an immigration check point.
10 The 34-mile route features a four-mile underwater tunnel so ships can pass overhead 
EPA10 China’s President Xi Jinping launched the £15.3billion Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge
AP:Associated Press10 Drivers in Hong Kong will need a special permit to use the bridge
EPA10 The road bridge will be opened to the public on Wednesday after the opening ceremony today
Critics claim the bridge will swamp the city-state with tourists from mainland China.
Lawmaker Claudia Mo told CNN the new transport link is a way for Beijing to tighten its grip on Hong Kong which still has a semi-democratic legislature and independent judiciary.
She said: "You can't see the existing transport connections - in a literal way. But this bridge is very visible - you can see it from the plane when you fly in to Hong Kong, and it's breathtaking.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
"It links Hong Kong to China almost like an umbilical cord. You see it, and you know you're linked up to the motherland."
Mo also claims the city has spent over $9bn on the bridge despite having its own problems to deal with including a public housing crisis.
She added: “Hong Kong has had to fund a lot of the bridge, but we won't see many benefits here.”

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours

 

