Threat of all-out nuclear war between US and China is much greater than people realise, expert claims
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7525338/threat-war-us-china-nuclear-weapons/
18th October 2018, 1:45 pm
THE risk of nuclear war between China and the US is "greater than people think", a security expert has cautioned.
The warning comes days after Donald Trump clamped down on the export of nuclear technology to China, amid fears it will be stolen or diverted to military use.
AP:Associated Press5 President Donald Trump with Chinese President Xi Jinping during a visit to Beijing last year
Newsweek reports that Caitlin Talmadge, a security expert at Georgetown University in Washington DC, has elaborated on how a military escalation between the US and China could occur.
In an article for Foreign Affairs, she writes that a war between the two countries is currently unlikely, but “no longer seems as implausible as it once did”.
“The odds of such a confrontation going nuclear are higher than most policymakers and analysts think.
“As China’s power has grown in recent years, so, too, has the risk of war with the United States,” she warns.
CCTV5 Chinese media dubbed these missiles the Guam Killer for their ability to hit the US Pacific Ocean base with a conventional or nuclear weapon
China declares US warships operating in the South China Sea are harming the country's sovereignty
Pointing out the US military tactics employed in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Serbia, she said that the American strategy in such conflicts was to go “deep into enemy territory in order to rapidly knock out the opponent’s key military assets at minimal cost”.
Should the United States inadvertently or purposefully target Beijing’s nuclear capabilities, China might consider using the country’s nuclear arsenal to minimise the chance it could be taken out.
Instances that could prompt this include conflict breaking out over territorial rights in the South China Sea.
The US Navy routinely draws China’s ire by sailing past Chinese-held islands in what are known as “freedom of navigation operations”.
LAWRENCE LIVERMORE NATIONAL LABORATORY5 Caitlin Talmadge, a security expert, has elaborated on how a military escalation between America and China could occur
Getty - Pool5 Washington has warned that Beijing would face unspecified "consequences" over its militarisation of the South China Sea
On October 10, Taiwan president Tsai Ing-wen vowed to boost national security, saying her government would not submit to Chinese suppression as Beijing ramps up pressure to assert its sovereignty over the self-ruled island, reports Reuters.
The US State Department last month approved the sale of spare parts for F-16 fighter planes to Taiwan, and other military aircraft worth up to £252million ($330m) – a move that China said risked Sino-American cooperation.
Getty Images - Getty5 A security guard stands beside a screen showing a video about China's atomic and hydrogen bomb research during an exhibition in Beijing, 2007
US Navy aircraft carrier strike group conducts fighter jet drills in South China Sea
China is also pitted against smaller neighbours in multiple disputes over islands, coral reefs and lagoons.
In May this year, Washington warned that Beijing would face unspecified “consequences” over its militarisation of the South China Sea after China reasserted its right to build “defence” facilities in the disputed area.
Most read in world newsS**T SHOE Shoe firms warn Donald Trump’s China trade war could send trainer prices soaring 'THE BEST OF TIMES' When does Ramadan 2019 end, what is the holy month and when is Eid? HANDS FREE Japanese women use anti-groping app that blasts 'help me there's a molester' EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker 
And on October 11, Energy Secretary Rick Perry said that the US “cannot ignore the national security implications of China’s efforts to obtain nuclear technology outside of established processes of US-China civil nuclear cooperation.”
America said it would increasingly restrict exports of civilian nuclear technology to China, as intelligence experts are seriously concerned the valuable information will be diverted to power new generations of Chinese submarines and warships.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours

 

