Vostok War Games 2018 – where are the Russia-China military exercises taking place and why are they happening now?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7257003/vostok-2018-russia-china-military-exercises/
14th September 2018, 10:47 am
VOSTOK 2018 is Russia’s largest military drill since 1981 when the Soviet Union was still in existence, with troops from China and Mongolia also taking part.
The war games take place between September, 11-17.
Rex Features2 Nearly 300,000 Russian troops are taking part
Where are the Russia-China military exercises taking place?
The extensive military exercises are taking place in Vostok, in Siberia.
A total of 297,000 Russian service personnel are taking part, along with 1,000 aircraft, 36,000 tanks and other vehicles as well as 80 warships.
Also involved are 3,200 troops from China, with 30 aircraft from the Chinese air force.
A contingent from Mongolia is also taking part.
The massive exercise is being led by General Sergei Shoigu.
The exercises are reportedly being used to focus on counter-attack manoeuvres and developing defence skills.
Rex Features2 Russian leader Vladimir Putin greets some of the troops involved in Vostok 2018
Why are they happening now?
The exercise comes at a time of deteriorating relations between Russia and the West.
Britain is currently locked in a row with Russia over the Novichok poisoning in Salisbury.
Russia is also facing tough sanctions being imposed by the US and the European Union over trade while relations between China and the US are also worsening, particularly over trade.
Western countries are keeping a close eye on events.
most read in newsZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 

Nato spokesman Dylan White said: “It fits into a pattern we have seen over some time: a more assertive Russia, significantly increasing its defence budget and its military presence.”
The military exercise also indicates closer ties between Russia and China.
At the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok, Russia, President Vladimir Putin told his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping that the two countries had a relationship of trust “in the sphere of politics, security and defence”.
​Vladimir Putin watches staggering show of force as Russia conducts its largest military games since the fall of the Soviet Union

