Russia stages biggest war games EVER with 300,000 troops marching alongside Chinese soldiers for the first time
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7228140/russia-war-games-vostok-2018-siberia-vladimir-putin/
11th September 2018, 12:45 pm
RUSSIA today launched its largest ever war games involving hundreds of thousands of battle-ready troops alongside their Chinese comrades in arms.
With 300,000 soldiers, 36,000 vehicles, 1,000 aircraft and 80 ships, the Vostok 2018 exercises will be even bigger than the mock battles fought during the Cold War.
Will Stewart24 Russia has today launched its biggest military exercises since the days of the Cold War
AP:Associated Press24 Russian military helicopters fly over Eastern Siberia this morning
AP:Associated Press24 Vladimir Putin is expected to personally supervise the exercises
Russia has said it is showcasing methods developed during its military intervention in Syria, giving Chinese forces - which haven't fought in a war since 1979 - a glimpse of real combat skills.
The five-day mock battles involve more than DOUBLE the number of recruits currently in the entire British armed forces.
Wednesday will see games featuring anti-aircraft technology, while the main event will be on Thursday, the defence ministry told journalists covering the games.
Vladimir Putin is expected to personally supervise the exercises in Siberia and the east of Russia where he will also host a key Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok.
AP:Associated Press24 A Russian soldier guards an area during today's military exercises
Will Stewart24 More than 1,000 military aircraft will take to the skies over Russia throughout this week
Will Stewart24 The huge exercises will be spread across five army training grounds and four airbases
Will Stewart24 The week-long manoeuvres come at a time of heightened Nato-Russia tensions
Among the key guests in the Russian leader's bid to woo billions in military investment is the Chinese leader  Xi Jinping .
NATO has already condemned the war games as a rehearsal for "large-scale conflict” - and experts say they are without doubt the largest in modern Russian history.
"It fits into a pattern we have seen over some time - a more assertive Russia, significantly increasing its defence budget and its military presence,” warned an alliance spokesman.
The Russian army has compared the show of force to the USSR's 1981 Zapad war games that saw around 150,000 Warsaw Pact soldiers take part in the largest military exercises of the Soviet era.
AP:Associated Press24 Tanks plough across farmland as the war games kick off in Siberia
AP:Associated Press24 Russian military helicopters fly, in the Chita region, Eastern Siberia
Will Stewart24 A train is seen transporting armoured cars to the battlefront
Russia tests terrifying new missile and starts rebuilding Cold War Arctic base amid fears of all-out conflict with Nato 
Will Stewart24 Russia currently has more than one million recruits in its armed forces
Yet the next five day's drills - to take place across several training grounds - will dwarf even this notorious exercise when it comes to scale.
Military leaders released video footage of military vehicles, planes, helicopters and ships getting into position for the initial stage of the drills.
The awesome display of military prowess comes amid escalating tensions between Moscow and the West over accusations of Russian interference in western affairs and ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and Syria.
And just a week after the UK has named two Russian nationals suspected of the attempted murder of former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia.
AP:Associated Press24 Tanks take up positions on a ridge in eastern Siberia
Will Stewart24 Around 36,000 tanks and armoured personnel vehicles will take part in the display
Will Stewart24 Up to 80 naval vessels will take part from two Russian fleets
Will Stewart24 Russia's armed forces are reckoned to have about one million personnel in total.

The jaw-dropping numbers involved in the Vostok-2018 include:

Around 300,000 battle-ready Russian troops.
More than 1,000 planes, helicopters, and drones.
36,000 tanks and armoured personal carriers.
More than 80 ships and naval support vessels.
An estimated 30 aircraft from the Chinese air force.
Mongolian troops will also join the battles.
Russia has one million military personnel in total.


AP:Associated Press24 As the exercises began, Russian President Vladimir Putin met his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping
Will Stewart24 Battles will take part in the waters of the Sea of Japan, Bering Sea and the Sea of Okhotsk
Will Stewart24 The manoeuvres are billed as testing the combat skills of the Russian land, air and naval forces
The Chinese claimed the vast operation was not "directed against any third party" and would focus purely on "defences, firepower strikes and counterattack.”
But close Putin ally Sergei Shoigu, the Russian defence minister, said the games would be at an "unprecedented scale both in territory and number of troops involved”.
He declared: "Imagine 36,000 military vehicles moving at the same time: tanks, armoured personnel carriers, infantry fighting vehicles  - and all of this, of course, in conditions as close to a combat situation as possible.”
The manoeuvres are billed as testing the combat skills of the Russian land, air and naval forces.
Putin’s spokesman said last month that maintaining Russia's defence capabilities is "justified, needed and has no alternative" as rival powers are "frequently quite aggressive and unfriendly”.
Will Stewart24 The last Russian exercise of similar scale was in 1981, during the Cold War
Will Stewart24 For weeks Russia has been preparing for the much-heralded drills
Will Stewart24 The five-day war games involve double the number of troops currently in the entire British armed forces
The Russian army is rolling out its latest weaponry - Iskander missiles that can carry nuclear warheads, T-80 and T-90 tanks and its recent Su-34 and Su-35 fighter planes.
At sea, the Russian fleet is deploying several frigates equipped with Kalibr missiles that have been used in Syria.
For weeks Russia has been preparing for the drills - at one point closing a road so planes could land near Khabarovsk, and firing missiles from land, surface and submarine at a target in the Sea of Okhotsk.
The war games are underway at five ranges in the east of Russia, and in the waters of the Sea of Japan, Bering Sea and the Sea of Okhotsk.
The deployment comes after an exercise last year in collaboration with Belarus in the west of the country which involved an announced 13,000 troops.
Putin has spent hundreds of billions in recent years carrying out a major modernisation of the creaking forces he inherited from the Soviet era.
Will Stewart24 Russia is rolling out its latest weaponry including Su-34 and Su-35 fighter planes
EPA24 China is sending 3,200 troops to take part in the 'Vostok-2018' mock battles
 
Will Stewart24 Putin has spent hundreds of billions in recent years carrying out a major modernisation of his military
Separately he has a large convoy in the Arctic and some 25 warships in the Mediterranean – the biggest deployment since the deployed forces in Syria three years ago.
Ahead of the games, Russian forces unleashed a devastating display involving synchronised launches from land, surface vessel and submarine hitting targets in the Sea of Okhotsk.
The live-fire exercise hit two drifting targets in the Sea of Okhotsk on Russia’s Pacific coast as Putin was on a trip to Siberia.
Four different types of cruise missile were used in the attack - Vulkan, Granit, Malakhit and Onyx.
They were fired from the missile cruiser Varyag - flagship of the Pacific fleet - as well as missile corvettes Razliv and Moroz, and the Tomsk nuclear powered submarine.
They were supported by the Bastion missile system fired from land  and the distance of the targets was between 155 and 310 miles.
“All seven cruise missiles successfully hit the targets,” said a statement from Russia’s eastern military district.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Earlier vehicles were halted on the Khabarovsk to Komsomolsk-on-Amur motorway to allow Su-30SM, Su-35S and MiG-31 pilots to test their landing and takeoff skills on the narrow road, according to local reports.
Military Mi-26 helicopters also swooped in to land on the highway, and an An-26 was seen touching down on the two-lane road.
Halted motorists filmed the amazing scenes as they got a grandstand view for the military exercise close to the Chinese border in the Russian Far East.

