China burns bibles, closes churches and forces Christians to renounce their faith in latest massive crackdown
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7224129/china-burns-bibles-forces-christians-renounce-faith/
10th September 2018, 10:28 pm
THE Chinese government is forcing Chinese Christians to sign contracts renouncing their faith as the country cracks down on religious congregations.
New footage emerging from the Henan province in central China also reportedly shows crosses and bibles being burned.
6 Images from China show crosses and bibles being burned
A Christian pastor from the city of Nanyang in Henan confirmed there was a raid on September 5.
The pastor, who did not want to be identified for fear of persecution, said several people entered the church as soon as it opened and started to remove items.
Bob Fu of China Aid said shared the video on Twitter and said: “#China CCP starts burning the Bible and crosses in Henan.
“Last time burning Bibles campaign happened in late 1960s by dictator Chairman Mao’s wife Jiang Qing in Shanghai. She was arrested in 1976 but Christians grew to millions. Will Never be successful.”
6 It comes amid a government crackdown on churches in China
The crackdown on the Christian faith comes as part of a government campaign to demand loyalty to the atheist Communist party.
Fu added: “The international community should be alarmed and outraged for this blatant violation of freedom of religion and belief.”
This suppression of religious freedom coincides with President Xi Jinping’s consolidation of power, which makes him the most powerful leader of China since Mao Zedong.
The government is now reportedly escalating its’ most severe crackdown since religious freedom was granted in 1982.
Getty Images - Getty6 President Xi Jinping has consolidated his power and it has made him the most powerful leader of China since Mao Zedong
AP:Associated Press6 An underground Church in China, which is similar to what millions of Chinese Christians belong to
In Beijing, the Zion church was closed on Sunday by about 60 government workers accompanied by police cars and firetrucks, according the church’s pastor Ezra Jin Mingri.
Zion is the largest house church in Beijing.
Jin said officials declared the gatherings illegal and closed it after freezing his personal assets for not complying with their demands.
Jin told the Associated Press: “Churches will continue to develop.
AP:Associated Press6 Zion church in Beijing was closed by authorities over the weekend
Reuters6 Zion church’s pastor Ezra Jin Mingri said the government has frozen his personal assets
“Blocking the sites will only intensify conflicts.”
Chinese officials have reportedly disputed these allegations, reinforcing that they respect religious freedom.
Religious believers are only allowed to worship in only government-sanctioned congregations, according to Chinese laws.
However, millions of Christians belong to underground churches that don’t follow government regulations.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
China’s Muslims are also affected by the government’s anti-religious crackdown.
Reports say about one million Muslims have been detained in indoctrination camps where they are forced to denounce Islam.
The government denies these camps were set up for indoctrination, but have stressed the importance of tackling extremism.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




