Ex-Chelsea boss Guus Hiddink becomes China Under-21 coach on £3.6m-a-year and will lead them into 2020 Tokyo Olympics
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/7217938/chelsea-guus-hiddink-china-under-21-side-2020-tokyo-olympics/
10th September 2018, 10:21 am
GUUS HIDDINK has been appointed the new head coach of the Chinese Olympic team.
The experienced coach has been tasked with making sure China qualify for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.
AFP or licensors5 Guus Hiddink has been appointed boss of Chinese under-21 side
Getty Images - Getty5 China president Xi Jinping wants his country to become a football superpower
Hiddink will take China’s under -21 side through to the 2020 Asian Under-23 Championship, which doubles up as the continent's final qualifiers for the Olympic Games.
Reports suggest he will earn in the region of £3.6million a year in his new role.
The Dutchman has not coached since his second stint as interim boss at Chelsea following the exit of Jose Mourinho three years ago.
The 71-year-old becomes the latest big name coach to join the Chinese revolution as president Xi Jinping is desperate for his country to become a football superpower.
Most read in FootballExclusivegea change Man Utd under pressure to sell David De Gea after star man rejects 'best offer' Live BlogSOL SEARCHING Get the latest updates from Old Trafford as Ole plots summer overhaul ExclusiveHARD JUAN FIGHT Toon battle Barca over Man Utd's Mata as Benitez eyes Spaniard on free deal IKER SHOCK Casillas' wife Sara reveals battle against cancer weeks after his heart attack BLUEPRINT Chelsea may accept transfer ban in bid to get it reduced to just one window HIGH FIVE Utd and Arsenal boost with CL spot going to fifth in Prem if City ban upheld 
EPA5 Guus Hiddink took South Korea to third place at 2002 World Cup
PA:Press Association5 Guus Hiddink took Australia to the last 16 of the World Cup in Germany in 2006
Getty - Contributor5 Marcello Lipp is in charge of China senior side
The former Holland and Real Madrid boss joins Marcello Lippi on the Chinese Football Association payroll.
Lippi, who managed Italy, Juventus and Inter Milan has been in the Far East for six years.
The 70-year-old was in charge at Guangzhou Evergrande for two years and has been in charge of the China senior side since 2016.
Working in China is not Hiddink’s first experience of Asian football having taken unfancied co-hosts South Korea to the semi-finals of the 2002 World Cup.
Four years later in Germany, he led Australia to the last 16 for the first time four years later in Germany.
With China desperate to make a mark in world football, there will be huge pressure on Hiddink to deliver as they have not taken part in Olympic football since 2008 when they hosted the games in Beijing.
Guus Hiddink: Chelsea players must look at themselves

