Fish and chip shop owner wins fans online by posting sarcastic responses to critics on TripAdvisor
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7206614/fish-and-chip-shop-owner-tripadvisor-fightback/
8th September 2018, 2:51 am
CHIP shop owner Rod White is winning fans by giving his critics on TripAdvisor a proper battering.
His sarky responses have also encouraged readers to make the trip to his chippy so they can experience his vinegary wit themselves.
PA:Press Association4 This chippy owner's vinegary wit on TripAdvisor has won the Internet and new customers
The Bunker in Seahouses, Northumberland, has a four out of five rating on TripAdvisor. But Rod, who owns it with his brother-in-law, said: “You deal with hundreds of people a day — and you cannot please everybody.”
After one diner griped the food was greasy with no gluten-free option, he replied: “Your comments are duly noted sir.
“From now on we shall be frying our fish and chips in daffodil extract.
“Once cooked, the fish will spend 5 minutes in a tumble drier.
 
4
“The chips will be blow dried with one of those Dyson hair dryers.”
Rod told another fussy eater: “Each customer will be asked when placing their order, exactly what shade of chip they’d prefer. After pointing to a chip chart at the back of the shop, our fryer can leave each separate customer’s chips until they reach their favourite shade.”
One biker’s review said his group of ten would not be returning because a portion of chips and mushy peas cost £4.
Rod, who responds as “Lionel Blair” or “Montgomery Applegate”, said the biker’s view would be “taken into account when preparing next year’s budget forecasts”.
PA:Press Association4 A review of The Bunker in Seahouses, Northumberland, got this sarky reply
PA:Press Association4 Rod, the chippy's owner, gives critics on TripAdvisor a proper battering
Chinese tourists flock to Scotts chippy in North Yorkshire after then president Xi Jinping visiting with PM David Cameron in 2015
most read in uk newsExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson DYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked ExclusiveGRISLY FIND Jawbone and leg bone of 'murder victim' found in bin bag at recycling centre GREECE FRIGHTENING Couple promised swanky hotel on £1.8k Jet2 hol got dingy room instead 'LOVED LIFE' 'Free spirit' student, 21, dies in hotel after 2 bottles of Prosecco & cocaine 
Rod said: “It’s exasperation. You can’t stick your fingers up at people.
“If they leave a scathing review you cannot just leave it.”
He said the majority are positive, including one which had a picture of an empty plate and the word “delicious” written in ketchup.

GOT a news story? RING us on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk

Fish 'n' chip shop Casey's claims to sell the largest portion in the UK

