Who is Xi Jinping, why is China waging a ‘People’s War’ on the US, and what has he said about Trump?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9083361/xi-jinping-china-peoples-war-donald-trump/
15th May 2019, 5:21 pm
PRESIDENT Xi Jinping may well be the most powerful man in the world - but who is he?
Here we reveal who he is, where he was born, and why he is starting a trade war with the US...
Getty Images - Getty5 China's President Xi Jinping applauds after a vote in Beijing
Who is Xi Jinping?
Xi Jinping is China's all-powerful President.
He was born in 1953 in Bejing, and steadily climbed the ranks of China's ruling Communist Party until he ascended to the Presidency in November 2012.
Since taking office, Jinping has overseen a radical shake-up of the party, including taking down top leaders once thought untouchable as part of his popular war on deep-rooted corruption.
Jinping cemented his status as the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao at last year's twice-a-decade Communist Party congress.
During that congress his name and a political theory attributed to him were added to the party constitution as he was given a second five-year term as general secretary.
AP:Associated Press5 China's communist party has cleared the way for President Xi Jinping (pictured) to stay in office for life
Getty - Contributor5 Jinping cemented his status as the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao Tse-Tung (Mao Zedong), pictured, who was communist leader from 1949 to 1976
Why is China waging a 'People's War' on the US?
The basis for the dispute lies with the US President Donald Trump wanting to “Make America Great Again” and part of that is to redress what he sees has unfair trade deals the US has agreed to in the past.
He wants to bring more production back into the country as a way to protect US jobs, he believes such past agreements have been a rip-off for the US.
During the 2016 election campaign, Trump accused Beijing of “raping” US workers.
The Chinese Premier Xi Jinping is also a leader who is said to not want to be seen to back down with both leaders seeing the honour of their nation at stake.
US President Donald Trump apologises for his joke about China's President Xi Jinping becoming 'president for life' at a recent roast 
AFP or licensors5 This photo shows Chinese President Xi Jinping waving at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. He could now rule beyond 2023
AP:Associated Press5 Donald Trump chats with Xi Jinping during a welcome ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing
What has he said about Donald Trump?
Xi’s views can be seen in an article in the state-owned Chinese newspaper the People’s Daily which accused the US of misjudging China's "strength, capability and willpower" and of taking a "risky and impetuous decision."
It added: “The trade war in the United States is the creation of one person and his administration who have swept along the entire population of the country.
“Whereas the entire country and all the people of China are being threatened. For us, this is a real 'people's war'.”
And in a statement read out during the 7pm news on state broadcaster CCTV, Beijing said it would “fight for a new world.”
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
China's foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on May 14: "The two heads of state maintain contact through various means."
But behind the façade tensions have mounted and the latest talks ended last week without any sign of an agreement.
Mr Geng told a news briefing in Beijing that China would "never surrender to external pressure".

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


