Yorkshire chippy has had to translate menu into Mandarin after being inundated with thousands of Chinese tourists following visit by Beijing president
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7081516/yorkshire-scotts-fish-chip-shop-mandarin-menu-president-xi-visit/
23rd August 2018, 12:55 pm
A YORKSHIRE chippy has been inundated with so many Chinese tourists that it's been forced to translate its menu into Mandarin.
Scott's Fish and Chips welcomes busloads of Far-Eastern tourists visiting nearby York  every week.
Scotts Fish And Chips11 With York nearby the chippy, located on the A64 dual carriageway, tour operators bring visitors in by the coachload
Facebook11 Scott's Fish and Chips opened in 2012 but became popular with Chinese tourists after Xi Jinping was pictured eating fish and chips in a pub with David Cameron in 2015
SWNS:South West News Service11 Roxy Vasai, head chef and manager, has previously been shortlisted for Young
And owner Tony Webster, 56, who owns the restaurant, has cashed in on the interest by translating his menus into Cantonese and Mandarin.
He also put his chippy on Chinese social media site Weibo to attract more Chinese visitors, chatting with around 170 Chinese tour operators to bring holidaymakers to his booming business.
Tony said: "It's growing, but typically we get around 100 Chinese visitors a week, which is maybe three or four coach parties.
"The word is spreading. The Chinese are very active word of mouth marketeers themselves, so by embracing their language and social media platforms, that's the thing that really seems to be working for us."
EPA11 Chinese President Xi Jinping tried fish and chips with David Cameron at a pub near Chequers in 2015
SWNS:South West News Service11 Chippy owner Tony Webster says Chinese tourists 'absolutely love it' at his restaurant
Scotts Fish And Chips11 Scott's Fish and Chips created QR codes so that Chinese tourists can download the classic chippy menu translated into Cantonese and Mandarin
Scotts Fish And Chips11 The chippy says cod and chips are the best sellers, but they also sell a lot of Yorkshire bitter which they have on draught
The restaurant had already been popular with locals, but now the Chinese tourists have given it an international reputation.
Most of the Chinese foodies visiting the restaurant buy its traditional cod and chips, but the shop has had to cater to some unexpected requests.
Made in Britain, bought in ChinaChina has proved to be a lucrative market for British goods over the last decade.
More than £7.2 billion of British goods were exported to China in 2010 alone, and demand has been rising ever since.
Among favourite buys are Land Rovers and Burberry clothes, as well as Scotch whisky.
Burberry even launched a 21,500 sq-ft flagship store in Beijing to capitalise on their Chinese popularity.

Tony said: "They generally want hot water because they bring their own Chinese tea, and it's generally tea leaves rather than tea bags.
"And then some of them actually want a pint of beer, so we're fully licensed and have beers on draught.
"The best seller is a pint of Yorkshire bitter to go with their proper Yorkshire fish and chips - they absolutely love it."
When Xi Jinping dined with David Cameron in 2015, he also tried Greene King IPA, causing a surge in demand for the beer in China.
Facebook/Scotts Fish and Chips11 The restaurant seats over 100 diners and has won awards for its strong customer feedback on TripAdvisor
Scotts Fish And Chips11 Scott's Fish and Chip shop opened in 2012 but has become a favourite with Chinese visitors in the last few months
SWNS:South West News Service11 Visitors to the chippy head on to nearby York, one of the most popular UK destinations for Chinese tourists
SWNS11 Chinese tourists in Kidlington getting a glimpse of the 'true' England, with its picturesque houses and gardens
The chippy joins the tiny village of Kidlington as an unexpected hot spot for Chinese tourists in the UK.
Asian holidaymakers are taken by tour operators to Kidlington in Oxfordshire by visitors get "the true sense" of England.
Scott's Fish and Chips opened in December 2012 and has won awards thanks to its rave reviews on TripAdvisor.
Chef Manager Roxy Vasai was also nominated for Young Frier of the Year in 2016 which celebrates young talent in the fish and chip business.
Tony puts the restaurant's success down to its core values of great value and service.
DYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
The tourists get a discounted rate of £9.00 for cod and chips.
Tony said: "Everybody gets a warm welcome when they walk in the door and the Chinese are always smiling.
"They want to eat their fish and chips, take their pictures, and then go on to the next attraction."

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




