Winnie the Pooh was named after a GIRL and fans are struggling to cope
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/4553429/winnie-the-pooh-girl-fans-struggling-cope/
18th August 2018, 6:05 pm
WINNIE the Pooh fans have discovered the famous bear is actually a GIRL - and they're struggling to cope.
We all read about the honey-loving bear during our childhoods - and remember him as a very British boy - and he's currently enjoying a new audience with the live action film Christopher Robin.
Disney6 Winnie the Pooh is actually a girl - and fans can't believe it
But a picture book called Finding Winnie: The True Story of the World's Most Famous Bear, recently revealed the real-life inspiration behind the clumsy book character.
And it turns out Pooh is named after a black bear from London Zoo - a Canadian and very female animal called Winnipeg.
The book is written by Lindsay Mattick, the granddaughter of the man who brought Winnie all the way from White River, Ontario, home to England.

Winnie the Pooh is a girl?!?!?!? https://t.co/Qbpvouw6C1— Bustdown Delageezy (@AxelDreammz) August 17, 2018


Lieutenant Harry Colebourn bought the bear for £15 during the First World War.
They were said to be inseparable, with Winnie becoming something of a regiment mascot.
But the soldier was forced to leave his beloved pet at London Zoo when his unit were posted in France - where it would have been very dangerous for a bear.

Disney6 Pooh is based on a female black bear called Winnipeg, who AA Milne's son Christopher Robin used to love visiting at London Zoo
6 The revelation has been made in a book called Finding Winnie, written by the granddaughter of the man who brought the bear to Britain
Winnie-The-Pooh meets The Queen as both celebrate their 90th birthdays
AP:Associated Press6 The live action film starring Ewan McGregor was released on August 17
Happily, Winnie soon made a new best friend - a boy, called Christopher Robin - who visited the zoo regularly to check up on his favourite bear.
When you realize Winnie the Pooh is a girl and your whole life you thought otherwise https://t.co/UrZbe6dObc— Jenna💋 (@Jennaa_Turner) August 17, 2018


Christopher, whose dad was legendary author AA Milne, went on to name his teddy bear after Winnie - and the rest is history.
Lindsay wrote Finding Winnie, with the help of illustrator Sophie Blackall, to show the world how loved Winnipeg the bear truly was.
The famous bear now has statues in both London and her native Winnipeg.
Etsy6 Fans are reeling over the unexpected revelation
MOST READ IN FABULOUSMATRI-MOANY Fury at bridezilla who wants to BAN fiancé's 'crotch goblin' child from wedding BOT'S UP DOC I covered medics, my baby and the wall with a huge poo explosion during labour MYSTIC MEG May 22: Love choices will happen in a rush as you feel pressured by your looks BARELY THERE Fashion Nova launches plastic strap bikinis leaving NOTHING to the imagination THICK AND FAB ‘Slim Thick’ is THE body shape celebs are striving for this summer FEELING BLUE Woman turns into Smurf when bath bomb dyed her skin blue after just 5 minutes 
In related news, this is the unexpected true story of author AA Milne - who hated children, cheated on his wife and fell out with the son who inspired his famous book.
While Primark is currently selling Pooh bedding and babywear - and fans are desperate to get their paws on them.
And any mention of the famous character has been BANNED by Chinese censors - over memes comparing the "bear of very little brain" to president Xi Jinping.
Finding Winnie costs £8.30, and is available on Amazon.


