China rips down posters of Jesus and replaces them with President Xi and ban kids visiting Church
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7015374/china-rips-down-jesus-posters-replaced-president-xi-jinping/
14th August 2018, 4:54 pm
CHINA has taken extreme measures to wipe out all traces of Christianity in the country, by tearing down posters of Jesus and replacing them with images of President Xi Jinping.
The country’s ruling Communist party has chosen to eradicate the faith amongst its 1.38 billion residents, going as far as banning children from visiting churches.
Getty Images - Getty6 China has replaced images of Christ with images of Xi Jinping
For the government, China’s Christian community has long been a source of embarrassment, resulting in bans on the Bible and on public displays of the cross.
Church leadership is also required to request approval from the Communist party and even church teachings must now be in line with party ideals.
The crackdown has been mainly imposed in China’s Xinjiang province, on the borders of Pakistan and Afghanistan, with officials saying the region is “not Chinese enough”.
AP:Associated Press6 China is working to eradicate all traces of Christianity from the country
Churchgoing homeowner disgusted after curry delivery driver caught on CCTV ripping Christian cross from her front door
It has become the primary focus of President Xi’s plans to eradicate “differences” between Chinese communities across the entire country.
He insists that “Chinese characteristics” must be incorporated into all activities, beliefs and traditions; chief among them being unwavering loyalty to the Communist party.
In April, China’s religious affairs department published an article saying that churches must endorse the party’s leadership as part of “Sinicization.”
The article stated: “Only Sinicized churches can obtain God’s love.”
AP:Associated Press6 Children are not allowed to visit churches anymore under the new rules
Reuters6 Photos of the Chinese president have replaced those of Jesus Christ
The move is part of Beijing’s “Principle for Promoting Chinese Christianity in China for the Next Five Years (2018-2022)” plan, which details how it will “Sinicize” Christianity within its borders.
Within hours of the declaration, censors moved in to eradicate Christianity.
Bibles were seized and banned, and digital versions can no longer be found online.
Only an officially approved version from the government-sanctioned open church is available.
Images of Christ have already been replaced with posters of President Xi and Christian children are no longer allowed to attend church.
AP:Associated Press6 Chinese Christians have been forced to worship in secret congregations out of fear
​BBC's Songs of Praise joins Her Majesty The Queen to celebrate 150 years of the Christian charity Scripture Union​ 
Qi Yan, a member of the township party committee  said: “Through our thought reform, they’ve voluntarily done it.
“The move is aimed at Christian families in poverty, and we educated them to believe in science and not in superstition, making them believe in the party.”
One Beijing pastor refuted these claims, saying: “A lot of our flock are terrified by the pressure that the government is putting on them.
“It’s painful to think that in our own country’s capital, we must pay so dearly just to practice our faith.”
Hundreds of small and private churches have been shut down and for those who have resisted, life has already become difficult.
Many of China’s Christian communities have responded in a time-honoured fashion by continuing their congregational worship in secret.
Getty - Contributor6 China’s ruling Communist party sees Christianity as a Western threat
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Beijing sees Christianity as a Western threat, and its 67 million followers as infected by dangerous Western ideals.
President Xi stated in 2016: “We must resolutely guard against overseas infiltrations via religious means.”
Xi Lian, a scholar of Christianity in China at Duke University said: “Chinese leaders have always been suspicious of the political challenge or threat that Christianity poses to the Communist regimen.
“Under Xi, this fear of Western infiltration has intensified and gained a prominence that we haven’t seen for a long time.”

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

