China destroys hundreds of Christian churches and seizes bibles as ‘Emperor’ Xi tightens his iron grip on power
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6969899/china-destroys-christian-churches-emperor-xi/
8th August 2018, 2:28 pm
CHURCHES have been ransacked in China as Christians are being encouraged to replace posters of Jesus with portraits of President Xi Jinping as he tightens his grip on power.
Experts and activists claim Xi is waging the most brutal attack on Christianity in the country since religious freedom was written into the Chinese constitution in 1982.
AP:Associated Press12 The Chinese government has ordered churches be ransacked as it cracks down on Christianity in the country
The crackdown on Christianity is part of a broader push by Xi to "sinicize" all religions in the nation by infusing them with "Chinese characteristics" including loyalty to the Communist Party.
Islamic crescents and domes have been stripped from mosques, and a campaign launched to "re-educate" tens of thousands of Uighur Muslims.
Tibetan children have been moved from Buddhist temples to schools and banned from religious activities during their summer holidays, state-run media reports.
A five-year-long plan to "sinicize" Christianity in particular was introduced this year alongside new rules on religious affairs.
AP:Associated Press12 Under President Xi Jinping, China's most powerful leader since Mao Zedong, believers are seeing their freedoms shrink dramatically
Over the last few months, local governments across the country have shut down hundreds of private Christian "house churches".
A joint statement from 47 places of worship in Beijing alone said they had faced "unprecedented" harassment since February.
Authorities have also seized Bibles, while some Christians have resorted to holding services in secret.
Children and party members are banned from churches in some areas, and at least one township has encouraged Christians to replace posters of Jesus with portraits of Xi.
The surprising things China has bannedAs President Xi Jinping tightens his grip on the country, some very surprising practices have been banned in the country...

The letter 'N' was temporarily blocked on social media site Weibo after China's constitution was changed so President Xi could remain in power indefinitely
Winnie the Pooh was censored in both word and picture form because the famous bear is sometimes used to mock the president over his likeness
The Chinese government actually banned Buddhist monks in Tibet from reincarnating without government permission before they die
George Orwell's Animal Farm and 1984 were prohibited in China, possibly because it mirrors the country's political and social structure
The Chinese government banned "abnormally" long beards in an effort to counter what it says is Islamic extremism
A search by the China Digital Times found terms relating to emigration, migration, immigration and "board a plane" were banned on Weibo


AP:Associated Press12 The Chinese government has encouraged Christians to replace posters of Jesus with portraits of President Xi
AP:Associated Press12 As many as 47 churches in Beijing alone claim to have been harassed by the government
AP:Associated Press12 Workers toss hay outside a church with a slogan that reads, 'educate the believers with excellent Chinese traditional culture'
Dozens of Chinese Protestants told of raids, interrogations and surveillance.
And one pastor said hundreds of members of his congregation were quizzed individually about their faith.
China's main party has long been wary of Christianity because of its affiliation with Western political values.
Several Chinese human rights lawyers jailed for their work, including Jiang Tianyong and Li Heping, are outspoken Christians.
So too are many Hong Kong pro-democracy activists, not least among them 2014 protest leader Joshua Wong.
AP:Associated Press12 A painting of the Last Supper is seen next to posters quoting China's constitution on religious freedom in Henan province
AP:Associated Press12 A government billboard cites the core values of the Communist Party near a church in the city of Pingdingshan
AP:Associated Press12 A faded photo of Chinese President Xi Jinping is seen near the Christian poster with the word 'Grace' outside a house church near Nanyang
AP:Associated Press12 A worker jumps from a truck parked in front of a church and the Chinese national flag near the city of Pingdingshan
AP:Associated Press12 A local rides past a slogan which reads, 'religious activities should not interfere with social order and order of life'
AP:Associated Press12 A child stands near a slogan that reads 'communist party members cannot take part in religious activities'
AP:Associated Press12 A church is seen behind warehouses near the city of Pingdingshan
The number of Chinese believers of all faiths has doubled in two decades to an estimated 200million as the hold of the Communist party has weakened.
Among them are an estimated 67million Christians - a number that is expected to swell to become the world's largest Christian population in a matter of decades.
This rapid growth has reinvigorated the party's longtime mission to domesticate a religion traditionally aligned with the West.
Read more about ChinaS**T SHOE Shoe firms warn Donald Trump’s China trade war could send trainer prices soaring EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? 5G WHIZ Has Google blocked Huawei from Android apps and is 5G coming to the UK? REAL-LIFE JURASSIC PARK Walkers find 66m-year-old DINOSAUR eggs covered in red mud in China HITTING HARD China admits Donald Trump trade war will cost it $123 BILLION TRADING BLOWS US-China trade war: How did it start, what is at stake, what has Trump said? 
At the epicentre of the drive to control the Christian community in China is Henan, the cradle of Chinese civilisation and the entry point for many of the earliest foreign missionaries.
On a single Sunday morning, 700 religious banners were reportedly removed, 200 religious texts seized and 31 illegal Christian gathering places shut down.
Officials went door-to-door stripping decorative scrolls bearing the cross from home entrances.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




