Winnie the Pooh film banned in China after the country’s miserable leader Xi Jinping was compared to the dopey bear
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6957434/winnie-the-pooh-film-banned-china-xi-jinping/
7th August 2018, 12:52 am
DISNEY'S Winnie the Pooh film has been banned in China after the nation's leader was compared to the dopey bear.
Attempts to search for the much loved character on Weibo, generates the message, "content is illegal".
Reuters4 Xi Jinping has been likened to Winnie the Pooh since 2012 in a number of controversial jokes
Xi Jinping has been likened to the much loved character since 2013 when he was pictured with Barack Obama.
The former US President walking next to Mr Xi was edited next to a photo of Tigger and his rounder friend Winnie.
Chinese social messaging app WeChat removed animated gifs of the bear over the weekend.
Sina Weibo, the nation's platform which has been likened to Twitter, also censored any results which returned from Winnie the Pooh's name.
Walt Disney4 Winnie the Pooh is now classed as too sensitive to be mentioned
Chinese Internet users FTW. #APEC2014 pic.twitter.com/6wFDvhlaNv— Josh Chin (@joshchin) November 10, 2014


Chinese authorities are said to deem the comparisons as a bid to undermine Xi Jinping's leadership.
Global Risk Insights told the BBC the censorship may have been launched by the President himself because it appears to "undermine" the nation's government.
Next to a picture of the two world leaders, an image of Pooh walking next to Tigger was circulated on social media.
Reuters4 In 2013 memes circulated comparing Pooh and his slender friend "Tigger" to Xi with then-US President Barack Obama
4 Ewan McGregor stars as Christopher Robin in a new film about the lovable bear
The following year, a photo of Xi shaking hands with Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was shared next ot a picture of Pooh, and Eeyore, being Abe.
MOST READ WORLD NEWSS**T SHOE Shoe firms warn Donald Trump’s China trade war could send trainer prices soaring 'THE BEST OF TIMES' When does Ramadan 2019 end, what is the holy month and when is Eid? HANDS FREE Japanese women use anti-groping app that blasts 'help me there's a molester' EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker GAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack ME-OUCH Cat owner's face swelled & she ended up in hospital after scratch caused reaction What happened to Agnese? Mystery of waitress bundled into car by Brits outside Costa club SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed 
China's refusal to release the film was first reported by The Hollywood Reporter.
The move will come as a shock, since China is the world's second-largest film market.
No official reason has been given for the censorship.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




