Trump vows to hit ALL Chinese imports with massive tariffs, sending US markets plummeting
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6830394/trump-intesifies-china-trade-war/
20th July 2018, 8:43 pm
DONALD Trump escalated his trade war with China today by announcing he was “ready to go” with tariffs on nearly all imports from the country.
The US president is now set to slap hikes on £380billion of Chinese goods in a move set to provoke further retaliatory measures from Beijing.
AFP or licensors1 The US President has announced plans to put in place tariffs on nearly all imports from China, in a move likely to anger the country's President Xi Jinping
Mr Trump went on TV to insist the move “was the right thing to do for our country”.
He said: “We are being taken advantage of and I don’t like it. We’re down a tremendous amount.”
China imports just £100billion of US goods.
It has been accused of using predatory practices as well as forcing US firms to hand over technology in exchange for access to its market.
China, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual, not a level playing field...— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 20, 2018


MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
Earlier this month, the US put 25 per cent tariffs on £26billion of Chinese imports. China hit back with its own levies.
Trump tweeted earlier today that both China and the EU had been “manipulating their currencies and interest rates.” He added: “not a level playing field.”
Meanwhile Germany’s Angela Merkel warned import tariffs on European cars that Mr Trump has also threatened represented “a real danger for the prosperity of many people in the world”.
Chinese President Xi Jinping welcomes U.S. President Donald Trump in Beijing

