How is a working visit different to a state visit? Donald Trump’s UK trip’s status explained
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6585617/us-president-donald-trump-meet-queen-state-visit-working-what-visit/
15th July 2018, 9:25 am
DONALD Trump met the Queen as part of the President’s first visit to the UK since taking office.
But it has still been more of a working visit than the pomp, pageantry and a banquet that are the hallmarks of a state visit.
Getty - Pool2 Queen Elizabeth II and China's president  Xi Jinping during his state visit in 2015... a small number of mostly Chinese people demonstrated against the visit over blatant human rights abuses carried out by the Communist regime
What is a state visit? 
A state visit is a formal visit by a head of state and is normally at the invitation of the Queen after she has been advised by her Government. 
The monarch acts as the official host for the duration of the trip.
Visitors usually stay with Her Majesty at either Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle.
There is usually a state banquet, and a visit to - and speeches at - the Houses of Parliament may be included. 
AFP2 President Xi Jinping meets Jeremy Corbyn in Buckingham Palace during the 2015 state visit… but the Labour leader is opposed to Trump visiting
How is a state visit different to a working visit?
A working visit is almost the same as a state visit in that it refers to an official visit to a foreign country by a current head of state - such as a US President. 
But it is less formal than a state one and tends to have less of the pomp and ceremony. 
And often the visit is by a country that is already a friend who wishes to discuss issues or to exchange favours rather than building a relationship. 
Mostly, these visits are organised to discuss issues or policies that the two countries have in common.
Unlike a state affair, the visiting country covers all of the costs involved and must organise their own place to stay.
Who is paying for the golfing trip to Scotland?
The British government has offered to pay up to £5million in policing costs when Trump goes golfing in Scotland.
Treasury Secretary Liz Truss wrote to Scottish ministers to inform them they'd foot any police costs.
The interim chief constable of Police Scotland, Iain Livingstone, said the force would need up to 5,000 extra officers costing around £5million.
The country's new justice secretary Humza Yousaf said it was "completely unacceptable" to expect Scottish taxpayers to cover the bill.
MORE ON TRUMP'S UK VISITJETSETTER TRUMP When is Donald Trump paying his first state visit to the UK? ROYAL UNWELCOME Trumps 'won't stay with Queen at Buckingham Palace but aides deny snub' COMMONS SENSE Bercow's refusal to invite Trump to Parliament risks 'special relationship' TRUMP CARD How old is Donald Trump, what's his net worth and who is his wife Melania? ROUND TWO Donald Trump is visiting the UK this year - but will he meet the Queen again? DON IN UK AGAIN President Trump 'to make his second state visit to the UK in June' 

Do people in Britain and Northern Ireland support a state visit by Trump?
A YouGov poll in February, 2018, found that 45 per cent of Britons supported a state visit, against 39 per cent who opposed it.
Meanwhile more than a million people have signed a petition calling for a state visit by Trump visit to be cancelled.
But others point out leaders with way worse records than Trump have visited - like the Chinese president in 2015 and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia in March, 2018.
Furthermore it is argued that as the leader of America, one of Britain’s closest allies, Trump should be welcomed.
UK petition to stop Trump's State Visit with Queen soars past one million

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

