Kim Jong-un has top army officer blasted with 90 bullets for giving his troops extra rations of food and fuel
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6638982/kim-jong-un-has-top-army-officer-blasted-with-90-bullets-for-giving-his-troops-extra-rations-of-food-and-fuel/
27th June 2018, 2:42 pm
KIM Jong-un had a top army officer riddled with 90 bullets for giving his troops extra rations of food and fuel.
The high-ranking official was publicly executed by nine military death-row convicts who made up the firing squad.
REUTERS1 Kim Jong-un ordered the execution of one of his high-ranking generals
Lieutenant General Hyon Ju-song was put to death after being found guilty of charges of abusing authority, profiting the enemy and engaging in anti-Party acts.
He was shot at the firing range of the Kang Kon Military Academy located in the Sunan District of the capital Pyongyang.
Online newspaper NK Daily said his “crime” had been to redistribute extra supplies to his men at a satellite launching station in April.
The high-ranking officer told soldiers to send out the food and fuel as they were no longer tightening their belts to pursue Kim’s weapons programme.
Most read in newsDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
While checking oil supplies for the Sohae Satellite Launching Station on April 10, Hyon reportedly said: “We no longer have to suffer and tighten our belts to make rockets or nuclear weapons.”
He told troops to send out a ton of fuel, 1300lb of rice and 1600lb of corn to soldiers at the Launching Station and their families.
But Kim took a dim view of his actions, viewing them as treason and ordering his death.
A source in Pyongyang revealed the irate dictator blasted the “corruption in the People’s Army” and demanded the “ ideological poisoning” be “nipped in the bud”.
Kim Jong-un meets China's President Xi Jinping and hold talks in Beijing

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

