China summoned North Korean tyrant Kim Jong-un to Beijing over worries he was getting too close to Donald Trump after historic summit
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6571250/china-summoned-north-korea-kim-kong-un-close-donald-trump/
19th June 2018, 4:02 pm
KIM Jong-un today met China's President Xi Jinping after being hastily invited to the country amid fears he is getting too pally with Donald Trump.
The North Korean leader's shock two-day visit to Beijing came after Kim and the US leader got on so well during their high-profile summit in Singapore.
AP:Associated Press8 Kim Jong-un shakes hands with President Xi Jinping at the start of his two day visit
AP:Associated Press8 Kim and Xi wave to adoring crowds at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing
Some political observers are now saying Kim's impromptu arrival in Beijing is a sign China is worried it might lose its close ally to the West.
The news comes after it was revealed Trump and Kim have established a "hotline" between the two of them -  a connection President Xi does not yet have.
President Trump said Kim changed his mind about the US-North Korea June summit after chatting with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
State broadcaster CCTV showed Kim and his wife Ri Sol-ju being welcomed by Xi with full military honours at the Great Hall of the People.
AP:Associated Press8 State broadcaster CCTV showed Kim and his wife, Ri Sol Ju, being welcomed by Xi with full military honours at the Great Hall of the People.
AFP or licensors8 The car believed to be carrying the North Korean leader is escorted by motorcycles in Beijing
EPA8 A convoy of vehicles was seen heading in the direction of the Great Hall of the People
Xi reportedly praised the North Korean leader for the efforts he had already made towards the denuclearisation of the peninsula.
The US has long looked to China to use its influence over the enclave to bring it to negotiations, but the visit comes as ties between Beijing and Washington are being tested by another trade dispute.
China announced the North Korean leader's visit shortly after he landed on Tuesday morning, ditching the secrecy shrouding previous visits by Kim and his father.
On the younger Kim's first visit to China as leader, he took an armoured train as his father had. His first two trips were not announced until after he had safely returned to North Korea.
Security was tight at Beijing airport, where paramilitary police even prevented journalists from taking photos.
A motorcade including sedans, minibuses, motorcycles and a stretch limo was seen leaving the airport and later entering the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse, where top Chinese officials meet visiting leaders.
AP:Associated Press8 A giant TV screen broadcasting the meeting of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and Chinese President Xi Jinping
AFP or licensors8 This is Kim's third visit to China, which is North Korea's main ally
AP:Associated Press8 Security was tight throughout Beijing today during Kim's visit
A similar convoy of vehicles was then seen heading in the direction of the Great Hall of the People in central Beijing on Tuesday afternoon.
Kim was diplomatically isolated for years before making his first foreign trip as leader in March to meet with Xi in Beijing.
This is his third visit to China, North Korea's main ally and key source of trade and economic assistance.
Following his summit with Trump in Singapore, Kim was expected to meet with Chinese leaders to discuss progress in halting his country's nuclear weapons programs in exchange for economic incentives.
China's foreign ministry refused to provide details on Kim's visit other than to say that Beijing hopes it will help deepen relations between the countries.
The Singapore meeting resulted in a surprise announcement of a US suspension of military drills with its South Korean ally, a goal long pursued by China and North Korea.
Trump and Kim chatting beyond the range of the microphone
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
That move is seen as potentially weakening defences and diplomacy among America's Asian allies, while bolstering China and Russia.
The US has stationed combat troops in South Korea since the Korean War, in which China fought on North Korea's side and which ended in 1953 with an armistice and no peace treaty.
South Korea's Foreign Ministry said Kim's visit to China highlights the "constructive role" Beijing could play in disarming North Korea.

