Donald Trump slammed by Theresa May for demanding Putin is allowed back into G7 as summit showdown erupts
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6478563/donald-trump-theresa-may-putin-g7-summit/
8th June 2018, 5:05 pm
THERESA May has slapped down Donald Trump's call for Russia to be allowed to rejoin the powerful G7 group of world powers as they meet in Canada today.
The Prime Minister warned that leaders should treat President Putin with caution — saying she wanted an "engage but beware" approach.
Reuters31 Theresa May at the G7 summit in Canada today. She slapped down Donald Trump as he called for Russia to be welcomed back to G7 talks
AFP or licensors31 Donald Trump stares at Theresa May as world leaders meet at the G7 summit today - without the expelled Russian President Vladimir Putin
Her response came after Trump reached out to the Kremlin hardman and vowed to sort out other G7 nations who expelled him following Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014.
Trump said: "You know, whether you like it or not, and it may not be politically correct, but we have a world to run and the G7, which used to be the G8, they threw Russia out.
"They can let Russia come back in, because we should have Russia at the negotiating table."
But Mrs May told the BBC: "I have always said we should engage with Russia but my phrase is 'engage but beware'."
Reuters31 The G7 world leaders met in Quebec, Canada today to begin a two-day summit
Reuters31 Prime Minister Trudeau is flanked by US President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron
EPA31 Trump and Trudeau chat during a photo-op today just hours after the US President blasted Canadian trade tariffs
Reuters31 The G7 leaders gather for talks today following Trump's bombshell comments on Russian President Putin
She added: "We should remind ourselves why the G8 became the G7, it was because Russia illegally annexed Crimea."
Trump's statement is seen as slap in the face to the UK during a long-running stand off with Putin which culminated in the expulsion of Russian diplomats from Britain.
The Prime Minister has been at the forefront of diplomatic efforts to build an alliance against Moscow after the Salisbury nerve agent attack on ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia.
The PM added: "We have seen malign activity from Russia in a whole variety of ways, of course including on the streets of Salisbury in the UK.
"So we need to say, I think, before any such conversations can take place Russia needs to change its approach."
AFP or licensors31 The line-up of the G7 leaders from the EU, UK, Germany, US, Canada, France, Japan, Italy
AFP or licensors31 Trump arrives in Canada this afternoon after calling for Russia to be allowed to rejoin the G7
AP:Associated Press31 Trump salutes as he arrives for the G7 Summit at the Canadian Forces Base, Bagotville
AFP31 Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping shake hands during thier own meeting in Beijing today
New Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte was the only G7 leader to publicly throw his weight behind Trump’s controversial call.
He tweeted: “I agree with President (Trump). Russia should be re-admitted into the G8. It is in the interests of everyone".
At the G7 summit in La Malbaie, Quebec, Mrs May was today holding formal face-to-face talks with all of the other leaders — except Mr Trump.
The US president is expected to depart the two-day gathering early on Saturday, leaving the rest of the group behind.
AFP or licensors31 Theresa May with husband Philip meeting Canadian PM Justin Trudeau and his wife Sophie Gregoire today
AFP or licensors31 Justin Trudeau and wife Sophie Gregoire also welcomed Donald Trump after the US President called for Russia to be welcomed with open arms
Reuters31 President Trump with Germanys Angela Merkel today
Asked if Mrs May believed she had been snubbed, a Downing Street spokeswoman replied: "No."
But the Prime Minister twice refused to say whether she had requested a formal bilateral meeting with Mr Trump.
She told Sky News: "I talk with President Trump regularly, I talk on the telephone, I spoke to him earlier at the beginning of this week and I'll be talking to him around this G7.
"What is important is that the UK and the United States actually come together in a whole variety of ways to talk about the issues that matter to us both.
"In the future we'll be talking about future trade relations, but of course the security relationship that underpins the UK's long-standing special relationship with the United States is of particular
importance to us."
AP:Associated Press31 Canada Prime Minister Justin Trudeau meets with Prime Minister of Italy, Giuseppe Conte, who backed Trump's call on Russian President Putin
Getty - Contributor31 Putin was in China meeting President Xi Jinping today
Putin himself was today in China for his own summit to discuss the Chinese and Russian-led security bloc the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO).
But Russia didn't jump at the offer Trump extended in remarks to reporters.
A Kremlin spokesman said: "Russia is focused on other formats, apart from the G7".
Earlier Trump vowed to "straighten out" US trade deals with the G7 leaders as his furious Twitter tirade continues into a second day.
The seven-nation meeting comes amid a backdrop of a furious spat between Donald Trump and his allies over trade tariffs.
The US President has already labelled the Canadian Prime Minister "indignant" as the astonishing argument between world leaders broke out on Twitter yesterday.
This morning Trump tweeted: "Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesn’t happen, we come out even better!"
Trump is also said to have insulted Theresa May, moaning privately about her "school mistress" tone and complaining she's too politically correct, according to a White House official.
AFP or licensors31 Emmanuel Macron and Justin Trudeau speak at a press conference yesterday that triggered the row
AFP or licensors31 Merkel pictured arriving in Quebec for the summit
31 Macon also tweeted this message to the US President
31 Trump immediately hit back with this furious tweeting labelling Trudeau 'indignant'
The source, who has sat in on meetings between the pair, also revealed he dislikes how May launches into policy detail rather than general chat, and makes frequent demands of him.
As many 8,000 cops worked to control masked protesters letting off flares and torching the UK and US flags, adding further drama to the annual summit.
Trump's Twitter row started yesterday when Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and French President Emmanuel Macron warned the US President that his attempts to protect American production put "people's jobs on the line".
EPA31 Justin Trudeau meets with Theresa May at the G7 summit today
Getty Images - Getty31 Both leaders are reported to have angered Trump in recent days
EPA31 Theresa May is not having a formal meeting with Trump at the summit likely be to dominated by the trade row
Trudeau said: "American jobs are on the line because of his actions and because of his administration. When we can underscore this, and we see that there's a lot of pressure within the US, perhaps he will revise his position."
Macron added: "A trade war doesn't spare anyone. It will start to hurt American workers, the cost of raw materials will rise and industry will become less competitive."
He later added on Twitter: "The American President may not mind being isolated, but neither do we mind signing a 6 country agreement if need be.
Donald Trump claims the EU and Canada treat the US 'very unfairly' with  trade practices ahead of the G7 summit
"Because these 6 countries represent values, they represent an economic market which has the weight of history behind it and which is now a true international force."
But Trump fired back in a series of tweets, labelling Trudeau "indignant" and warning: "(I) look forward to seeing them tomorrow."
He continued: "Why isn’t the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U.S. Totally unfair to our farmers, workers & companies.
"Take down your tariffs & barriers or we will more than match you!"
EPA31 A protester runs through the streets of Quebec clutching a flare
EPA31 A man hurls a flare in the streets to protest the G7
EPA31 A sign burns next to a protester
EPA31 The demonstrations occurred today amid a backdrop of a looming trade war
What is the G7 Summit?
The Group of Seven (G7) is an informal grouping of seven of the world’s advanced economies, as well as the EU and European Commission.
They consist of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the US, and the presidency rotates every year.
It offers the leaders of these nations a chance to come together and tackle the most challenging global issues of the time.
Reuters31 The UK flag is torched during the demonstrations
AP:Associated Press31 The US flag was also thrown onto the flames
EPA31 Riot police line the streets steeled to respond to disorder
What will they discuss?
This year's president is Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and he's announced five key themes.
They are: Investing in growth that works for everyone; preparing for jobs of the future; advancing gender equality and women's empowerment; working together on climate change, oceans and clean energy; and building a more peaceful and secure world.
However, the reality is much of the behind the scenes discussions will centre around Trump's looming trade war, a move likely to affect the entire global economy if he makes good on his threats and triggers it by imposing tariffs on imports.
EPA31 Masked protesters make their way through the city
EPA31 Demonstrators surround a flare let off in the street
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
What is the looming trade war?
This refers to Trump's plans to attack other countries' trade by imposing quotas and tariffs on products the US buys and imports from abroad.
He hopes imposing these tariffs on, for example, imported steel and aluminium, will protect US jobs and manufacturing at home.
Trump has also mentioned many times he wants to redress the US's large tax deficit. This term refers to the difference between how much your country buys from another country, compared with how much you sell to that country.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

