US warns Kim Jong-un it is ‘ready to fight tonight’ after Donald Trump dramatically scraps North Korea summit
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6371025/donald-trump-us-military-ready-respond-north-korea-kim-jong-un/
25th May 2018, 8:10 am
DONALD Trump has said the US military "is ready" to fight after dramatically scrapping his summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. 
The decision is understood to have taken Kim by surprise, with his government since insisting they are ready to sit down for talks "at any time".
AP:Associated Press8 Trump pulled the plug on the meeting with North Korea blaming "tremendous anger and open hostility" by Pyongyang
North Korea's nuclear test sites in Punggye-ri are 'destroyed' and connecting tunnels are reduced to rubble
Speaking at the White House, hours after sending despot Kim a letter boasting about America's "massive" nuclear capabilities, the US President said his forces were "ready if necessary".
Trump yesterday pulled the US out of the crucial meeting on June 12 after North Korea lashed out at Vice President Mike Pence, calling him "stupid and ignorant".
The President blamed "tremendous anger and open hostility" by Pyongyang, despite it destroying its main nuclear testing site in front of a group of international journalists as a gesture of goodwill.
Trump previously blamed China for Kim’s change in “attitude” after a recent meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping.

Donald Trump's relationship with Kim Jong-un - what we know so far...

US President Donald Trump announces historic summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong un in Singapore for June 12
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo holds secret meeting with Kim in North Korea and said a "good relationship was formed"
Pyongyang claimed it had suspended nuclear missile tests and releases three Americans from prison
Vice President Mike Pence infuriates North Korea by claiming it could face the same fate as Libya if it does not give up its nuclear weapons
Pence's comments slammed as "stupid" by Pyongyang with senior officials warning they would not "beg for dialogue"
The president pulls the US out of the summit blaming "tremendous anger and open hostility" by Pyongyang



And the US president yesterday appeared to hint at the same thing, saying dialogue had been “good until recently”, adding: “I think I understand why that happened.”
North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye-gwan issued a statement late on Thursday night saying North Korea is "willing to give the US time and opportunities" to reconsider talks.
And the US president today thanked Kim for the "warm and productive" statement, adding: "We will soon see where it will lead."
But he also confirmed his military stood primed if Kim were to take any "foolish or reckless" actions.
American forces are "ready if necessary," he said at a White House bill signing event while later adding "Nobody should be anxious. We have to get it right."
The brash billionaire also said "we'll see what happens" when asked whether the cancellation of the meeting had raised the risk of war.
8 North Korea's nuclear test site at Punggye-ri
Earlier, US General Kenneth McKenzie revealed his forces in South Korea are now in "a high state of vigilance" following the collapse of nuclear weapons talks.
He added America is always prepared to respond to provocations from the North Koreans "because they have proven to be unpredictable in the past."
“In terms of we are ready to fight tonight - that's always been the case,” he said.
Yesterday, the White House released a letter to the North Korean leader saying the summit planned for Singapore will not take place.
In personal letter from the President to the Chairman of the communist state Trump said he would not be going ahead with the meeting.
Reuters8 North Korea issued a statement Friday saying it is still "willing to give the U.S. time and opportunities" to reconsider talks "at any time, at any format"
Reuters8 Kim, seen here at the opening of a bridge, ordered the demolition of his nuclear testing site in preparation for his meeting with Trump
EPA8 The North Korean despot appeared relaxed yesterday despite the Singapore summit with the US President being scrapped
Reuters8 Photographers and film crews record the destruction
Insider's description of North Korean nuclear test site tunnels rigged with explosives before detonation
Trump called the cancellation a “tremendous setback” for peace and denuclearisation.
In the letter addressed to "His Excellency Kim Jong-un", he wrote: "Sadly, based on the tremendous anger and open hostility displayed in your most recent statement, I feel it is inappropriate, at this time, to have this long planned meeting."
Trump also made reference to the US's "massive and powerful" nuclear weapons, adding: "Therefore, please let this letter serve to represent that the Singapore summit, for the good of both parties, but to the detriment of the world, will not take place.
"You talk about you nuclear capabilities, but ours are so massive and powerful that I pray to God they will never be used."
AFP or licensors8 In a letter sent to 'His Excellency Kim Jong-un' Trump said he would not be attending the scheduled meeting
AP:Associated Press8 Lt. Gen. Kenneth McKenzie, told reporters the U.S. military will be ready for any North Korean provocation such as a missile launch
US President Donald Trump speaks after announcing cancellation of Singapore summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un
It is thought Trump may be referring to a verbal broadside launched against his VP Mike Pence by the North Korean vice foreign minister Choe Son-hui in which he was branded "ignorant and stupid".
According to North Korea's central news agency, she said: "We will neither beg the US for dialogue nor take the trouble to persuade them if they do not want to sit together with us."
She added: "I cannot suppress my surprise at such ignorant and stupid remarks gushing out from the mouth of the US vice president."
The day before Trump pulled out of the historic meeting, North Korea carried out the demolition of its  Punggye-ri nuclear facility in front of a group of foreign journalists.
Earlier this week Trump had suggested there was "substantial chance" next month's meeting would not go ahead.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Meeting with South Korean president Moon Jae-in in the Oval Office yesterday he told reporters "If it doesn't happen, maybe it will happen later."
Relations between Trump and his opposite number in Pyongyang appeared to have thawed over recent months, with Kim inviting the president to meet in March.
In April, Trump announced that former CIA chief Mike Pompeo had met secretly with Kim in North Korea and that a “good relationship was formed”.
While later in the month, Pyongyang claimed it had suspended nuclear missile tests and weeks later released three Americans from prison.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

