Putin could be made ‘President for LIFE’ under extraordinary plan to rip up the Russian constitution leaving voters with ‘no alternative’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6250486/putin-president-for-life-russian-constitution-changes/
9th May 2018, 10:56 pm
RUSSIA is tonight exploring options to allow Vladimir Putin to continue his grip on power for another 12 years.
The extraordinary move would see the Russian constitution torn up, virtually making the Kremlin leader ‘President for Life’.
AP:Associated Press6 Putin was inaugurated on Monday and will be aged 71 when his current term comes to an end
In March, Putin won another six years in power in what was a disputed election after his main foe - anti-corruption campaigner Alexey Navalny - was banned from standing.
Putin, 65, was inaugurated on Monday and will be aged 71 when his current term comes to an end.
The constitution - which he earlier rewrote - bars him another term as president after 2024.
However, his ally Ramzan Kadyrov, the hardman ruler of the Chechnya region, has tonight proposed an urgent amendment.
The Chechen parliament looks set to approve the proposal which will then go forward to the Russian parliament in Moscow.
If passed, the former KGB spy could rule Russia until he is 77.
East2west News6 Putin's ally Ramzan Kadyrov has tonight proposed an urgent amendment to the constitution
The amendments would be very similar to those made to China’s constitution, which now allow the country’s powerful leader Xi Jinping to remain a Chairman Mao-style “president for life”.
Critics fear that if even one amendment is made to the Russian constitution, it will open the door for many more to follow.
AP:Associated Press6 If an amendment is approved, the former KGB spy could rule Russia until he is 77
Yuri Maltsev6 Putin welcomes guests during the Victory Day parade to mark the 73rd anniversary of the victory over Nazi Germany in WW2
Kadyrov, who is accused by Western groups of flouting human rights in his Caucasus fiefdom, said: “While the current president is in good health, we should not think about any other head of the state.
“There is President Putin, this is it.
“This is my personal opinion and I am not going to change it.
“There is no alternative to Putin nowadays.
“Of course we have decent people but if we want the best, there is no-one better than Putin.
“I don’t see him.
“This is why I think that we can make a decision to prolong the rule of the head of state, not limit it to two terms.”
Getty - Contributor6 Putin personally invited Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu for Russia's annual victory day ceremonies
Putin has ruled Russia as President since 2000.
He completed two four-year terms under the constitution as it previously was.
In 2008, Putin was installed as Prime Minister for a four year period before returning to the top job in 2012.
Even if he served until he was 77, Putin would still be short of Stalin's 29 years as Kremlin ruler.
There has been no Kremlin reaction yet to the Kadyrov scheme.
AFP or licensors6 Putin's main rival Alexey Navalny was banned from standing in the recent Presidential election
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Putin started out as a KGB agent, before heading Russia's spy agency.
He then became the country's prime minister, and less than five months later, at the age of 47, Putin became the president of Russia.
He took the fresh oath of office on Monday, promising to pursue an economic agenda that would boost living standards in the country.
Since his last inauguration six years ago, Putin has seized Crimea from Ukraine, triggering western economic sanctions, and ordered Russia’s military into Syria in support of President Bashar al-Assad.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

