Mike Pompeo ‘will bring trio of American prisoners home from North Korea’ and arrange Donald Trump summit
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6242010/mike-pompeo-north-korea-donald-trump-prisoners/
9th May 2018, 4:59 am
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is expected to return from North Korea with three liberated American prisoners.
He arrived in Pyongyang, the North Korean capital, on Wednesday to discuss details of the summit between leader Kim Jong Un and President Donald Trump.
AFP or licensors4 US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has arrived in North Korea to broker discussions with Trump, and is expected to bring home three US prisoners. He visited North Korea and met leader Kim Jong-un over the Easter weekend
Trump earlier broke the news of Pompeo’s second visit to North Korea in less than six weeks to discuss the scrapping of the crackpot country’s nuke programme.
He arrived in the hermit nation from Japan.
Pompeo was expected to finalise the date of the summit, and secure the release of three American detainees.
On the way he told reporter he hoped Korea would "do the right thing" regarding the release of three detainees.
Korean-American missionary Kim Dong-chul and Pyongyang University of Science and Technology lecturers Kim Sang-duk, also known as Tony Kim, and Kim Hak-song are being held there.
AP:Associated Press4 The three prisoners expected to be released from North Korea
US President Donald Trump gives speech on plans to withdraw from Iran nuclear deal
The only American to have been held in NK and released was tragic Otto Warmbier, the 22-year-old student who fell into a coma on his return and died days later.
His shocking death sent tensions between North Korea and America through the roof and remains steeped in mystery.
Trump today blew up the nuclear deal with Iran struck by his predecessor, Barack Obama.
Alamy Live News4 Pompeo met with UK's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson this week
AP:Associated Press4 President Trump said the "United States no longer makes empty threats" during his Iran deal speech
Chinese president Xi Jinping and Kim Jong-un me​e​t ahead of the summit with US President Donald Trump
He said: “Today’s action sends a critical message: The United States no longer makes empty threats.
"When I make promises, I keep them. In fact, at this very moment, Secretary Pompeo is on his way to North Korea in preparation for my upcoming meeting with Kim Jong-un.
“Plans are being made. Relationships are building.
“Hopefully, a deal will happen and, with the help of China, South Korea, and Japan, a future of great prosperity and security can be achieved for everyone.”
MOST READ IN NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall DYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
Trump also said: “America will not be held hostage to nuclear blackmail.
“We will not allow American cities to be threatened with destruction.”
Pompeo met with UK's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson this week, with BoJo saying Trump deserved a Nobel prize if he could fix the Iran nuclear deal.
Israel launches air strikes on Syria moments after Donald Trump scraps Iran nuclear deal amid fears of surprise attack 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 
 
 
 
 

