Kim Jong-un’s cronies travelled to China on a plane operated by Koryo Air – dubbed ‘the worst airline in the history of the world’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6238202/kim-jong-un-china-meeting-koryo-air-plane/
8th May 2018, 4:57 pm
KIM Jong-un and his entourage have reportedly jetted into China in Cold War era planes for talks ahead of his meeting with Donald Trump.
Two ancient aircraft operated by North Korea's state-owned carrier Air Koryo were spotted in the northeastern coastal city of Dalian –  and it's been speculated one of them could be “Airforce-un”.
AP:Associated Press12 A North Korean airliner thought to be ferrying the Kim Jong-un entourage to China
The nuke-mad leader has to flown to China to meet President Xi Jinping to discuss the historic talks with Trump. 
This was the first international flight since assuming power. Usually Kim moves about in an armoured train. 
Unsurprisingly he flew in plane operated by Air Koryo which has been dubbed as the “worst airline in the history of the world”.
Two of the carrier’s Soviet Union built jets were spotted. 
One was an ancient four engine Ilyushin Il-76MD.
AP:Associated Press12 The jetliner believed to contained Kim Jong-un.
The other was the SIlyushin IL-62 - the world’s largest airliner when it first went into production in 1963.
Only a handful remain because of their vintage.
Kim has been pictured aboard the plane before and this was probably the one he flew in. 
But while his jet is fitted out with all the mod-cons, passengers aboard other Air Koryo planes have to put up with horrid food, torturous propaganda and defective heating.
For ages Air Koryo attracted just one star on the global Skytrax ratings.
This year it hasn't even been rated.
The airline's planes are so old they are banned from the EU amid safety concerns.
AP:Associated Press12 Chinese President Xi Jinping, right speaks to Kim Jong-un in Dalian
Reuters12 The two allies have been discussing the position to take in the up-and-coming talks with Donald Trump
Few foreigners have flown with Kim's creaking airline. 
One of them was photographer Arthur Mebius who has an affection for the aircraft and crew. He recently released a book called "Dear Sky - The Planes and People of North Korea's Airline".
His fascinating pictures reveal retro interiors and old-school hostess and pilot uniforms.
But because of a lack of funds the planes are falling apart.
Some reportedly suffer from problems with their cooling system with condensation dripping down on passengers.
12 The interior is pleasingly vintage and an experience for anyone who grew up in the budget airline era
Arthur Mebius12 Not many North Koreans get the chance to fly... or the vast majority of cases actually leave their country
12 The country's aviation industry has been kept largely quiet from the rest of the world
12 The airline stewardesses are chosen for their beauty and apparently their musical abilities
All passengers are served the fabled Koryo burger - an unidentifiable slice of processed meat nestling between a stale bun.
The burger is always served stone cold and on a paper doily.
It also includes a slice of rubbery-looking cheese, a few wispy slices of shredded cabbage or a single lettuce leaf.
Some say the mystery sauce is red, some say it’s brown.
But most generally agree it’s too watery to be blood left over from the unknown animal that became the patty.
Getty Images12 The Koryo Burger, the only food currently served on flights has earned a global cult following for allegedly being the world's worst burger
EPA12 The Soviet Union era planes are forbidden from the skies of Europe because they are so old and finding parts is difficult
Barcroft Media12 The North Korean leader usually takes his train which is reportedly well stocked with alcoholic beverages such is the boozy leader's want
KCNA12 But could 'rocket man' Kim secretly want to jet off to destinations around the world?
MOST READ IN NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
In-flight entertainment usually consists of patriotic songs to the leader but since the planes are so loud passengers struggle to hear them anyway. 
Inside each cockpit is a picture of the man himself.  
The airline makes very infrequent international journeys, although it's website claims flights serve 23 destinations from Pyongyang, including Beijing, Shanghai and Dalian in China, Kuala Lumpur and Kuwait City.
Chinese state media confirms President Xi Jinping and North Korea President Kim Jong-un have met for an unofficial meeting in Kim Jong-un's first state visit 
During his visit to the South Korea last month, Kim confessed he was “embarrassed” about his crumbling nation's services and “honestly worried” about the south’s leader coming to visit.
The dictator appeared to be down on his trains, referring to the South Korean KTX bullet train and saying he didn’t have anything like that in North Korea.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

