Donald Trump declares himself ‘America’s all time favourite president’ as he says he’s convinced he’ll be up against ‘Sleepy Creepy’ Joe Biden or ‘Crazy’ Bernie Sanders in 2020
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9050210/donald-trump-declares-himself-americas-all-time-favourite-president-as-he-says-hes-convinced-hell-be-up-against-sleepy-creepy-joe-biden-or/
10th May 2019, 11:57 pm
A GLOATING Donald Trump has again declared himself “America’s all-time favourite president”.
And on Twitter he mocked “Sleepy Creepy” Joe Biden and “Crazy” Bernie Sanders, saying he's convinced he’ll be up against one of them in the 2020 US presidential election.
AP:Associated Press5 President Donald Trump is mocking potential Democratic rivals for the presidency
5
5 Above: Trump tweeted today about how great he is, and slammed 'SleepyCreepy Joe' and 'Crazy Bernie'
Crowing to die-hard supporters at a rally in Florida, he renewed his focus on labelling former Vice President Joe Biden and Sen Bernie Sanders of Vermont – frontrunners for the Democratic party’s presidential nomination.
Trump said: "We have a choice between Sleepy Joe and Crazy Bernie, and I'll take any of them."
Mocking potential Democratic rivals for the presidency, he said: "We've got some real beauties. Let's just pick somebody, please, and let's start this thing."
Trump is adding South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg to the mix of potential rivals that have caught his attention.
He also said that he would like to see the 37-year-old Buttigieg representing America against President Xi Jinping of China in trade talks.
He said: "Representing us against Xi in China. That will be great."
Today, he again put the boot in via Twitter, saying: “Looks to me like it’s going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!”
Gulf Today said that Trump’s name-calling comes as he depicts the 2020 nominations race as a fight between Biden and Sanders.
The website pointed out that “Biden and Sanders are ruling the race, although it is still nine months before the first votes are cast in the state-by-state nominations process.”
Even Biden – who has declared his presidential campaign – has been joking about the size of the 2020 Democratic presidential primary field.
SCORES OF CONTENDERS
He said that he always expected tough competition but never anticipated running against "300 people."
The former vice president made the quip on Thursday at the end of a two-day fundraising visit through Los Angeles.
Tom Girardi, an attorney who is married to "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star Erika Jayne, told Biden’s supporters that recent polling showed Biden as a front-runner.
But the former Vice President played this down, saying: "I know all this stuff looks good, but there's a long, long ways to go.
"It's one heck of a field, although I never anticipated it would be 300 people."
Trump has previously branded him “Sleepy Joe”, questioning his intelligence, and has now amended his nickname to include “Creepy” because of Biden’s tactile nature – which has resulted in women stepping forward to accuse him making them feel “very uncomfortable”.
Biden has denied all the allegations.
NBC News said that Trump first called Bernie Sanders “crazy” during the 2016 Democratic primary, as he racked up a string of primary wins against eventual nominee Hillary Clinton.
Most read in world newsZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk 
But Sanders replied on Twitter: “What’s crazy is that we have a president who is a racist, a sexist, a xenophobe and a fraud.
“We are going to bring people together and not only defeat Trump but transform the economic and political life of this country.”
Yahoo News pointed out that Trump first bragged about being America's "favourite President" on Twitter just 10 months after being in office, despite his approval numbers decreasing at the time.
5 Trump wished 'Crazy Bernie' well back in Feb...but Sanders hit back
5
 

