Forbes announces its World’s Most Powerful People 2018 list… and it’s bad news for Donald Trump
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6236913/forbes-announces-its-worlds-most-powerful-people-2018-list-and-its-bad-news-for-donald-trump/
8th May 2018, 2:36 pm
THE World's Most Powerful People this year have been announced by Forbes - and President Donald Trump won't be happy.
China's president Xi Jinping has gained top spot for the first time ever - pushing Vladimir Putin to second place.
AFP or licensors5 Donald Trump is only the third most powerful person according to Forbes
But Trump has only landed himself third on the list following a number of scandals that have rocked the White House since he became president.
The billionaire's lowly position on the prestigious chart could also be down to an ongoing probe by multiple law enforcement agencies.
German chancellor Angela Merkel is the first woman on the Forbes' World's Most Powerful People 2018 list after battling to secure her position at last year's election.
She is followed in second place by her British counterpart Theresa May who ranks 14th overall after a challenging year in office.
After a snap election backfired in June last year, leaving her with a marginal majority, Mrs May has sought to guide the country through Brexit.
But she was praised on the world stage for her tough response to Vladimir Putin over the Salisbury spy poisoning after kicking out 23 Russian diplomats and convincing a host of other nations to follow suit.
AP:Associated Press5 Chinese president Xi Jinping took the top spot
Getty - Contributor5 Vladimir Putin has been pushed into second place
AFP or licensors5 While Merkel is forth behind Trump
Other notable entries include Mark Zuckerberg at 13, Kim Jong-un at 36 and ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi who comes in at number 73.
The chart identifies one person out of every 100 million "whose actions mean the most", the magazine says.
It considers those who have power over a large group of people - with Pope Francis ranking sixth as leader of more than a billion Catholics.
Financial resources are also looked at - including net worth - meaning the world's richest man and Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, comes in at number five.
Forbes also examines people who are powerful through a number of areas - such as Elon Musk, whose companies Tesla Motors and Space X take up a share of the automobile and aerospace industry.
HANNAH MCKAY5 Theresa May is the world's second most powerful woman in the Forbes list
The Forbes World's Most Powerful People 20181. Xi Jinping - China's president
2. Vladimir Putin - Russia's president
3. Donald Trump - US president
4. Angela Merkel - German chancellor
5. Jeff Bezos - Amazon founder
6.  Pope Francis - leader of the Catholic church
7. Bill Gates - Microsoft founder
8. Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud - Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince
9. Narendra Modi - Indian prime minister
10. Larry Page - Google co-founder

They also consider candidates who actively use their power - landing North Korea leader Kim Jong Un as number 36.
President Xi became even more powerful when a constitutional amendment was passed in March meaning he can rule China.
Rubber-stamp lawmakers abolished presidential term limits meaning he can remain a Chairman Mao-style “president for life”.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
The amendment upends a system enacted by former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping in 1982 to prevent a return to the bloody excesses of a lifelong dictatorship typified by Mao Zedong.
Jinping cemented his status as the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao at last year's twice-a-decade Communist Party congress.
During that congress his name and a political theory attributed to him were added to the party constitution as he was given a second five-year term as general secretary.
Chinese president Xi Jinping and Kim Jong-un me​e​t ahead of the summit with US President Donald Trump

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

