North Korean tyrant Kim Jong-un flies into China to meet with President Xi Jinping ahead of US summit as Trump says ‘trust is building’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6233169/kim-jong-un-visits-china-meets-president-xi-jinping-dalian/
8th May 2018, 12:24 pm
CHINESE President Xi Jinping has met with Kim Jong Un in northern China.
The North Korea leader flew to Dalian on Monday ahead of a planned US summit with Donald Trump.
AP:Associated Press3 Kim Jong-un has met with President Xi Jinping in China
The tyrant was spotted having a stroll by the sea with Xi during his second visit to China since March.
During yesterday's visit to China, Kim reportedly told Xi: "As long as relevant parties eliminate the hostile policy and security threats against North Korea, North Korea does not need to have nuclear weapons, and denuclearisation is achievable.”
Trump tweeted about the visit this morning after months of mounting tensions over the Secret State's nuclear weapons testing.
He said: "I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8:30.
AP:Associated Press3 The leaders walked along a seaside during the visit yesterday
Reuters3 Donald Trump says talks with Kim Jong-un are set to take place in three to four weeks
"The primary topics will be Trade, where good things will happen, and North Korea, where relationships and trust are building."
Kim made a secret visit to Beijing just weeks ago where he confirmed his regime was "committed to denuclearisation".
It comes after Kim's met rival South Korean President Moon Jae-in for historic face-to-face talks in the South.
The two heads of state had "serious, frank" discussions on the topic of denuclearising the peninsula during the first meeting on southern soil in more than six decades.
A summit is now planned between Trump and Kim but no date has been confirmed.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
China is North Korea's only major ally but trade has plummeted recently after Beijing enforced UN economic sanctions following the regime's ballistics missile tests.
According to China's official Xinhua agency, Xi told Kim of his support for talks between North Korea and the US.
He said: "After the first meeting between me and Comrade Chairman (Kim), both China-DPRK relations and the Korean peninsula situation have made positive progress. I feel happy about it."
Donald Trump tells reporters that the date and location are set for a meeting with North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

