Donald Trump COULD give speech in Parliament when he visits Britain despite ban by Commons Speaker
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6205023/donald-trump-could-give-speech-in-parliament-when-he-visits-britain-despite-ban-by-commons-speaker/
3rd May 2018, 5:20 pm
DONALD Trump COULD make a speech to Parliament when he visits Britain, it was claimed today.
Commons Speaker John Bercow - currently embroiled in multiple bullying claims - has previously banned the President from speaking in prestigious Westminster Hall.
AFP3 Donald Trump could end up giving a speech to Parliament
But now a group of peers are lobbying the Lord Speaker, head of the House of Lords, to offer Mr Trump an alternative venue.
The President is visiting the UK in July, after attending a Nato summit in Brussels.
Last year Mr Bercow announced he would veto any invitation to Mr Trump to make a speech in Westminster Hall, the oldest part of Parliament.
He said the President didn't deserve the honour because of his controversial policies on immigration.
AFP - Getty3 Xi Jinping speaking in the Royal Gallery, where Trump could give an address
But instead of appearing in Westminster Hall, he could give a talk in the Royal Gallery - which Mr Bercow has no power over.
The Royal Gallery, currently used to display paintings, is controlled by Lord Fowler, the Lord Speaker.
Many previous world leaders have given speeches to MPs and peers in the Royal Gallery, inclduing Angela Merkel, Xi Jinping, Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan.
Tory peer Lord Cormack told MailOnline: "He is the President of the United States, our most important ally.
"He should be received with proper good manners, and as far as a speech is concerned... he would speak where most other presidents have spoken - in the Royal Gallery."
PA:Press Association3 John Bercow wants the ban the President from Parliament
Ex-minister Digby Jones added: "I think it would be an excellent idea.
"Trump is the democratically elected leader of our largest trading partner, our biggest inward investor and the guarantor, when all's said and done, of our security."
Mr Bercow outraged many MPs when he issued his ban on Mr Trump being invited to Westminster Hall.
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants FINAL STRAW Plastic straws, coffee stirrers and cotton buds will be banned from next April BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear BreakingNO DEAL FOR STEEL British Steel COLLAPSES after funding fail putting 25,000 jobs at risk RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan BACK TO THE POLLS Who are the UK candidates running in the European Parliament elections? 
They claimed he breached his constitutional duty to be politically neutral by speaking out against the President.
The Speaker is currently under fire after he was accused of bullying several members of his staff - claims he strongly denies.
Today the former Black Rod said Mr Bercow was unfit for office because he would leave aides "terrified" by flying into furious rages.
In response to the comments today the Lord Speaker issued a statement saying: “No conversations have taken place between the House of Lords and the UK Government regarding President Trump coming to the Royal Gallery.
“Any request for him to speak in the Royal Gallery would be discussed if and when it were received.
“The United States is a long-standing ally and friend of the United Kingdom.”

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online politics team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours


