Chinese naval vessels carry out ‘live combat drill’ in the East China Sea risking Trump’s wrath
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6131415/chinese-navy-live-combat-drill-east-china-sea-donald-trump/
24th April 2018, 1:58 pm
CHINA has carried out live fire drills in disputed waters in a brazen show of force which may anger its neighbours and the United States.
J-15 fighter jets took off from China's only operational aircraft carrier, the Liaoning CV-16, and screamed over the Taiwan Strait in what has been branded an "intimidation" tactic.
Reuters8 China has carried out live fire drills in the disputed western Pacific, risking the fury of its neighbours and the US
China's military activities and growing assertiveness has worried neighbouring Asian nations and the US whose Pacific command called China a "disruptive force" in January.
Chinese destroyers carried out offensive and defensive drills to test their capabilities, the official newspaper of the People's Liberation Army reported reported.
Earlier this month, the nation launched a massive navy drill in the South China Sea with 40 warships in an overt display of military muscle- as three US carrier battle groups passed by.
Its 65,000 tonne CV-16 aircraft carrier was one of the vessels pictured roaring through the East China Sea today.
AFP or licensors8 Chinese J-15 fighter jets were seen flying over the Taiwan straight after taking off from its only operational aircraft carrier
AFP or licensors8 Fighter jets laden with missiles are seen filling the deck of the aircraft carrier
The 992ft-long ship, capable of carrying as many as 24 J-15 fighter jets, and its successor the CV-17 has experts worried that China could become a seafaring superpower.
Experts at China Power suggest the massive CV-17, which cost a reported £6.4bn to produce, will be used to assert its territorial claims to the disputed South China Sea.
It means China would have two armed and operational aircraft carriers capable of projecting firepower far beyond its borders.
The 70,000-tonne CV-17 looks very similar to the slightly smaller and lighter Liaoning but, under the bonnet, things are likely to be very different.
8 Among the vessels in the fleet was the 65,000 tonne CV-16, currently China's sole carrier
AFP or licensors8 China's assertiveness in the disputed waters has worried neighbouring Asian nations and the US whose Pacific command called China a "disruptive force" in January
It's expected to carry about eight more aircraft than Liaoning, bringing its total to between 36 and 44, according to different military sources.
The CV-17's air wing will include between 24 and 32 J-15 multi-role fighters, six anti-submarine helicopters, four early-warning helicopters and two transport helicopters.
It is still much smaller than the jewel in the United States' seafaring arsenal, the 100,000-tonne USS Gerald Ford.
Taiwan, which is claimed by Beijing as Chinese territory, accused the country of "sabre rattling" and carried out its own live-fire exercises on two Taiwan islands close to China.
Reuters8 China's aircraft carrier Liaoning takes part in a military drill in the western Pacific Ocean
AFP or licensors8 Chinese destroyers carried out offensive and defensive drills to test their capabilities
8 Experts fear China will use its newest ship, so far known only as Type 001A (CV-17), to assert its dominance in the western Pacific
On Thursday, Chinese bombers flew around Taiwan in what the air force called a "sacred mission".
Taiwan's China policy-making Mainland Affairs Council said it neighbour's exercises, including the flight by the bombers, amounted to "military intimidation".
Taiwan is one of China's most sensitive issues and a potential flashpoint.
China has ramped up military exercises around the island over the past year.
Are we headed towards World War III?‘THE DECISIVE MOMENT’ Iran warns it is ‘on cusp’ of war with US in sabre-rattling address PREPARING FOR WAR How to prepare for World War Three - official nuclear bomb survival guide COLD WAR CLONE Russia secretly installed nuke missiles in Venezuela, US politician claims SIGH IN THE SKY Giant 'breathing' spy drone which can stay afloat FOREVER to change combat VLAD’S COMING Fury as Putin gives passports to Ukrainians in ‘plot to justify INVASION’ STERN WARNING North Korea is 'building new 3,000 tonne sub capable of launching nukes' 
The Chinese manoeuvres come at a time of heightened tension between Beijing and Taipei and follow strong warnings by President Xi Jinping last month against Taiwan separatism.
Xi presided over the navy's largest-ever military display this month in the South China Sea, which involved 76 fighter jets and a flotilla of 48 warships and submarines.
The CV-17 is around the same size as the HMS Queen Elizabeth, the largest warship ever built for the Royal Navy.
China sends massive navy presence to the South China Sea for war games

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

