Twit Trump might be the one to strike a peace deal with North Korea’s Kim
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6087770/twit-trump-might-be-the-one-to-strike-a-peace-deal-with-north-koreas-kim/
19th April 2018, 1:27 am
DONALD TRUMP really is the reality TV President. With him in the White House, every day is great drama.
One day he is plunging us all into World War Three. The next, he is set to bring about enduring world peace.
AP:Associated Press6 Every day is great drama with Trump in the White House
Which is it? What’s fake news? As they say on Big Brother, you decide!
Take the latest twist over North Korea. All the world is thinking about the escalating hostilities between the US and China over trade tariffs, as well as Russia over Syria.
It is East vs West again and a showdown seems imminent. But then President Trump, the publicity magician, pulls a rabbit out of his diplomatic hat.
He declares — on Twitter, of course — that he is establishing ties with nuclear-armed North Korea.
Getty - Contributor6 Trump is set to meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un
His incoming Secretary of State Mike Pompeo (he sacked the last one via social media) has met the North Koreans and established a “good relationship”.
At least that’s what Trump says. A big Trump-Kim peace summit is going ahead, he declared.
“Denuclearisation,” he added, “will be a great thing for the world, but also for North Korea.”
What a difference a few tweets make.
AFP or licensors6 Trump changed the course of history with a few tweets
Not so long ago, Trump was rattling America’s enormous sabre at North Korea. He called Kim Jong-un “little Kim” on Twitter and threatened him like a lunatic.
“I too have a Nuclear Button,” he said. “But it is a much bigger and more powerful one than his, and my Button works!”
The world was left either laughing about the childish exchange or fretting about World War Three . . . or both.
Then, a few weeks ago, he stunned the world by declaring that he would meet Kim, possibly as early as the end of this month. It would make him the first serving US president to pull off such a sit-down.
Twitter6 Trump's nuclear button brag
In one swoop, Trump appeared to be about to do what no other US president has managed. Bill Clinton tried and failed. Bush tried and failed. Obama tried and failed.
Far from being an idiot, Trump appears to be pulling off the most audacious gamble of the 21st century.
The UN sanctions against Kim, which Trump persuaded China to impose, appear to have worked. Kim has quickly buckled because China is hurting him, not helping him.
Trump may have finally ended the Cold War against the Reds. It’s a big deal. And we know how much Trump loves big deals.
Indeed, metropolitan liberals both here and in the States might be perpetually outraged by Trump — but he looks far more of a power-broker than their beloved Obama.
AP:Associated Press6 Trump persuaded China's Xi Jinping to impose sanctions on ally North Korea
Trump’s missile strike on Syria at the weekend was in contrast to Obama’s inactivity and he seems determined to rein in the Iranian mullahs, too.
Pompeo’s visit, with its wheels greased by South Korea — which today signalled its own plans to make peace with its petulant neighbour — is the highest-level meeting between the US and North Korea for nearly two decades.
Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright met Kim Jong-il in 2000, hoping to set up a meeting with Clinton. That never took place.
Pompeo is still director of the CIA but he appears to be pulling the strings. He is expected to be confirmed as Secretary of State this week.
The former Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, seemed completely unaware of what the Trump administration was up to in North Korea. So Trump sacked him and put in Pompeo instead.
MOST READ IN OPINIONCommentJANE MOORE Time for something completely different…let's put the boot in at EU elections CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's Brexit capitulation is a gift for Nigel Farage and will wreck the Tories CommentDAMIAN GREEN How Tory leadership race can lead to every Brit having a shot at the good life CommentALLY ROSS Graham Norton shouldn't have spared Madge's blushes as he lashed Eurovision acts CommentTHE SUN SAYS Hipster who threw MILKSHAKE achieved nothing but to recruit more Farage fans CommentTREVOR KAVANAGH Vote for Nigel Farage's Brexit Party this week before BoJo zips into No10 
There is still a long way to go. After all, Trump’s dance with Kim is not actually about getting North Korea, a minor kid on the global block, into line.
It’s about showing China, which is now an economic superpower as large as the US, who is boss.
Some think that by menacing North Korea, China’s one treaty ally, so publicly, while introducing heavy trade tariffs on China — which could hurt Beijing far more than Washington — Trump was playing a clever game.
He can frighten the Chinese so they force their whipping boy Kim, head of the last nuclear-armed Commie state, to fold. They don’t want to be drawn into a war with the US on the Korean peninsula.
The Twitter bluster, then, was all theatrics — the leader of the free world using a very big social media microphone to change the course of history.
AP:Associated Press6 Who's playing who?
When Richard Nixon was president, this was called “the madman theory”. In 1970, Nixon convinced the Eastern Bloc he was crazy enough to do just about anything, even trigger a nuclear war, so they folded to America’s will.
When you have the biggest military power the world has ever seen, as America does, that tactic can work.
Trump is doing the same, but differently. Let’s call it his “egomaniac theory” — convince the world you are so arrogant and obsessed with your Twitter personality you will do anything, and they bend to your will.
But is Trump playing China? Or is China playing Trump?
It could be that Beijing really is toying with Trump’s vanity. Drop the trade tariffs, they might be saying, and we’ll make you look like the saviour of the world for “sorting” North Korea.
Trump would love that. Bigly.

Freddy Gray is the editor of The Spectator USA.

President Trump says North Korea will be met with 'fire and fury' if it threatens the US

