Petulant man-baby Donald Trump’s foreign policy fails on the world stage
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6059718/donald-trump-foreign-policy-trevor-kavanagh/
15th April 2018, 11:40 pm
AT any other time, I would support missile strikes against a vile regime using illegal chemical weapons to slaughter helpless men, women and children.
I just feel uneasy when real weapons are being fired and Donald Trump is calling the shots.
AP:Associated Press6 Trevor Kavanagh feels uneasy to support the Syria strikes, even on an evil regime
This is the centenary of World War One, when chlorine gas turned to hydrochloric acid in the lungs of soldiers like my grandfather on the Somme.
We should not turn a blind eye.
PM Theresa May insists the use of chemical weapons is intolerable wherever it is used.
“We cannot allow the use of chemical weapons to become normalised — either within Syria, on the streets of the UK or elsewhere,” she said.
AFP or licensors6 The man-baby in the White House shouts 'You’re fired' when challenged
Nor would it be right for us to seek international ­condemnation of Russia for its nerve agent attack on UK soil then sit it out while America and France punished WMD carnage in Syria.
The allies successfully inflicted a precision surgical strike. So my worry is not whether it was the right response.
6 Trump’s knee-jerk response is to reprise his role as host of The Apprentice and shout: 'You’re fired'
It is about the erratic and intemperate man who ordered the attack.
That might sound rich when the person pulling Syria’s strings is “Mad Vlad” Putin, the KGB-trained ­gangster whose life mission is to destroy the post-war ­Western alliance.
AP:Associated Press6 Then there's 'Mad Vlad' Putin - and Trump can't fire him
Putin is the man who seized Crimea, invaded Ukraine and also shot down a Malaysian ­airliner, ­killing 298 ­passengers and crew — to mention just a few Kremlin atrocities.
But there is no comfort in having TWO nerve-jangling superpower leaders eyeballing each other over the nuclear trigger.
Putin’s survival in the ­Kremlin jungle depends upon pursuing and punishing real or imagined enemies and distracting attention from his ruined economy at home.
He enjoys probing weaknesses in Western defences and sowing doubt and dismay with fake news and rabid lies.
AFP or licensors6 Putin has blamed Britain for the Salisbury chemical attack - a line his ambassador found difficult to deliver with a straight face
Even his own ambassador could not stop laughing as he blamed Britain for planting Novichok in Salisbury and masterminding the WMD attack in Syria.
But demented conspiracy theorists will swallow these ludicrous allegations without question.
Instead of feeding this confusion, the appropriate response from the leader of the free world should be measured and calm.
Instead, we have a petulant man-baby strutting around the White House firing off edicts — from trade wars to high-risk military action — in angry 140-character bursts. Far from exuding calm authority, this president tweets first and thinks second — if at all.
PA:Press Association6 Conspiracy theories are all the rage - fuelled by political cock-ups, like the Iraq War
He has the stunted vocabulary of a nine-year-old and is not safe on his own without a script.
Supporters argue this has the satisfying effect of confusing the opposition. But it also unsettles those who would wish America’s Commander-in-Chief well, not to mention global stability.
Between them, Trump and Putin have inflicted irreparable damage on public faith and trust in our political leaders, an example followed avidly in this country on the hard Left. Conspiracy freaks are having a field day as propaganda fantasy takes preference over official intelligence. They are helped by genuine cock-ups. Most British voters, remembering Iraq and Libya, oppose the missile strikes on Syria. Even more believe Mrs May should have sought Commons approval.
Theresa May insists Syria bombing raids will stop tyrants like Assad and Putin from using chemical weapons
There is little appetite for military action in any circumstances.
This has failed to dent the PM’s popularity. She is way ahead of peacenik Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, damaged by his unblinking support for Putin over both Syria and Salisbury.
While the US military is “locked and loaded” for further action, Britain is locked into Trump’s rollercoaster presidency.

How will he cope with China’s new military emperor Xi Jinping? Or North Korea’s trigger-happy Kim Jong-un?
When challenged, Trump’s knee-jerk response is to reprise his role as host of The Apprentice and shout: “You’re fired.”
most read in opinionCommentJANE MOORE Time for something completely different…let's put the boot in at EU elections CommentTHE SUN SAYS PM's Brexit capitulation is a gift for Nigel Farage and will wreck the Tories CommentDAMIAN GREEN How Tory leadership race can lead to every Brit having a shot at the good life CommentALLY ROSS Graham Norton shouldn't have spared Madge's blushes as he lashed Eurovision acts CommentTHE SUN SAYS Hipster who threw MILKSHAKE achieved nothing but to recruit more Farage fans CommentTREVOR KAVANAGH Vote for Nigel Farage's Brexit Party this week before BoJo zips into No10 
Washington today is littered with the casualties, including ex-FBI chief James Comey, who accuses the president of acting like a Mafia boss.
But domestic politics is one thing. Trump cannot fire Putin or President Xi.
Coping with a turbulent, troubled world is quite another when its most powerful leader is on such a short fuse.
Iran’s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei brands Trump, May and Macron ‘criminals’ after Syria strikes
Burglar funeral 'an act of provocation'THE funeral of gypsy burglar Henry Vincent will test Met Commissioner Cressida Dick’s promise to bring back proper policing.
Cops blundered by locking up Richard Osborn-Brooks, 78, on suspicion of Vincent’s murder.
Then they let the career-criminal’s family set up a shrine despite protests from neighbours.
Now the family will be allowed to rub salt in the wounds by parading Vincent’s horse-drawn coffin past the scene of his crime.
Commissioner Dick should do the right thing – and ban this flagrant act of provocation.


