China’s President Xi Jinping shows off massive military force with drills of 10,000 officers, 76 fighter jets and 48 ships
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6042606/xi-jinping-south-china-sea-military-drill/
13th April 2018, 10:32 am
CHINESE president Xi Jinping has shown off his nation's massive military might when he attended a huge display involving more than 10,000 naval officers in the disputed South China sea.
The insanely powerful "president for life" said the country’s need for a world-leading naval force “has never been more pressing than today” at the demonstration.
Reuters10 Chinese president Xi Jinping is prepared to do 'bloody battle' to retain China's status as a global superpower
According to Chinese media the military display, which was the largest of its kind, involved more than 10,000 naval officers, 76 fighter jets and a fleet of 48 warships and submarines.
It was a show of the country’s military power as the nation is currently embroiled in a dispute with Beijing over the South and East China seas and the self-ruled territory of Taiwan.
It comes ahead of China's announcement that it would hold live-fire military drills in the Taiwan Straits on April 18.
Taiwan's defence ministry said in a statement that its army had the situation under control and could ensure its nation's safety.
Reuters10 The Chinese military display, which took place on Thursday in an unspecified location in the South China sea, was said to be the largest of its kind
In an unspecified location on the South China sea, Jinping urged the assembled troops to devote their unswerving loyalty to the party.
As the chairman of the Central Military Commission he is also the army's commander-in-chief.
The Chinese army - the largest in the world - is in the midst of modernising by investing in new technology and equipment.
They are cutting down on troops but acquiring new stealth fighters and aircraft carriers.
Getty Images10 In an unspecified location in the South China sea, Jinping urged the assembled troops to devote their unswerving loyalty to the party
Reuters10 10,000 naval officers, 76 fighter jets and a fleet of 48 warships and submarines took part in the demonstration
Getty - Contributor10 China is growing increasingly assertive and threatening in the territorial disputes
China is growing increasingly assertive and threatening in the territorial disputes.
There is tension between a number of countries in addition to Taiwan, including Vietnam and the Philippines.
Jinping is fond of putting on eye-catching displays of military might.
In 2015, a large-scale parade of tanks and missiles went through the centre of Beijing and in July another went through the remote Zhurihe training base of inner Mongolia.
AP:Associated Press10 The demonstration in the South China sea was said to be the 'largest of its kind'
Reuters10 The Chinese army - the largest in the world - is in the midst of modernising by investing in new technology and equipment
During the procession, Jinping watched J-15 fighter jets take off from China’s sole operational aircraft carrier and said his People’s Liberation Army should work to develop its naval forces.
He also urged that they build up their modern maritime combat system and strengthen their capability in diversified military missions.
Getty - Contributor10 The country’s military expansion has unnerved Beijing
Getty - Contributor10 Xi Jinping is fond of putting on eye-catching displays of military might
Getty - Contributor10 Jinping urged that the country should build up their modern maritime combat system


MOST READ NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed BABY’S DRUG NIGHTMARE Baby in coma with cocaine and cannabis in system as mum arrested SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk What happened to Agnese? Mystery of waitress bundled into car by Brits outside Costa club EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? WHO'S THE VLADDY? Vladimir Putin's rumoured lover 'gives birth to twins in VIP clinic' ‘HEINOUS ABUSE’ Girl, 3, dies after being 'raped and battered by stepdad while mum watched' 


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

 

