Kim Jong-un tells US that North Korea is prepared to scrap its nukes for good, officials claim
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6003262/north-korea-kim-jong-un-nuclear-weapons-talks-donald-trump-us/
8th April 2018, 8:59 pm
KIM Jong-un has said he's ready to scrap his nuclear arsenal ahead of his crunch meeting with Donald Trump.
The tyrant delivered his surprising message after US and North Korean officials held secret contacts when the two sides were discussing the possibility of holding the high-level summit between the two leaders, according to a US official.
AFP4 The North Korean leader has said he is ready to ditch his nukes
Up to now, Washington had relied on South Korea's assurance of Kim's intentions over his nuclear weapons.
The possible breakthrough indicates a thawing of tense relations between North Korea, led by Kim which has been engaged in a war of words and sabre-rattling with the US in recent months as tensions in the region have continued to worsen.
The news comes just days after the dictator went on an unofficial visit to Beijing where he met the Chinese leader Xi Jinping.
Trump said last month he had total faith Kim would "do what’s right" and ditch his nukes.
AFP or licensors4 The two leaders are gearing up for a meeting in May
Reuters4 Kim Jong-un inspects the Hwasong rocket
AFP or licensors AFP OR LICENSORS4 Kim oversees a test rocket launch last year
Trump wrote on Twitter: “Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me.”
Kim is due to hold summit meetings with South Korea and with Trump in May to discuss lifting sanctions and ditching his nukes.
This would be the first time a sitting US president has ever met with a North Korean leader.
During Kim's meeting with Xi, Kim
committed to denuclearisation if the United States and South Korea showed “goodwill”.
Most read in newsDYING WISH Brave mum loses cancer battle moments after asking family 'look after my boys' ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson SNAPCHAT KILLERS Child knife thugs who filmed dying victim, 16, on Snapchat are unmasked BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair 
And Trump responded on social media: “For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility.
“Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong-un will do what is right for his people and for humanity.
“In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!”
But he signed off on a happier note, saying that he’s looking forward to meeting Kim face to face.
North Korea's state media release a video of its leader Kim Jong-un heading to China by train

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


