China warns it will ‘counterattack with great strength’ if Donald Trump slaps on fresh tariffs as trade war escalates
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5986466/donald-trump-china-trade-war-tariffs-any-cost/
6th April 2018, 2:42 pm
CHINA warns it will "counterattack with great strength" if Donald Trump slaps on fresh tariffs, fuelling mounting fears of a trade war.
This is the second warning Beijing officials have launched today, as they now insist negotiations are impossible.
AP:Associated Press3 Tensions have been building between China's president Xi Jinping and Donald Trump
Earlier today, China said it is prepared to fight the US "at any cost", after Trump slapped an additional $100billion (£71.3billion) in tariffs on Chinese goods.
In a statement, the ministry said: "China will dedicate itself to the end and at any cost and will definitely fight back firmly" if the US persists in its "protectionism".
Trump's latest tariffs come in light of China's "unfair retaliation" against his earlier trade actions in which he proposed $50billion of tariffs on Chinese goods.
In response China announced plans to impose tariffs on key US exports - including including soybeans, frozen beef and cotton.
Getty Images - Getty3 Donald Trump instructed officials to consider a further $100bn of trade tariffs against China, on Thursday
THE WINNERS AND LOSERS IN A US-CHINA TRADE WAR
WINNERS

Meat processors and exporters: New tariffs could mean feedstock sotybeans will be cheaper, although the price of soybeans has gone down. US meat processor Tyson Foods Inc saw share prices rise.
Chinese consumers: China was very careful in picking US proudcts that can easily be replaced.

LOSERS

Car companies: China plans to impose tariffs on most pasenger vehicles, which could devastate America's car industry which depends on China for 17 per cent of its revenue. General Motors and Ford Motor manufacture vehicles in China.
US consumers: Americans are more reliant on imports than Chinese consumers are, so inflation is likely to rise.
US tech companies with Chinese factories: Since China is the biggest consumer of semi-conductors  tecggiants including Apple will face higher supply costs and could trickle down to high-end tech products.
Whiskey: American whiskey accounted for almost 70 percent of total US spirits exported to China in 2017.
US farmers: China is the largest buyer of US soybeans, buying almost a third of the US crop, worth around $14billion.


A trade war between the US and China could rock the global economy or markets analysts have warned, with some claiming "American families will be on the losing end".
US officials have sought to downplay the threat of a broader trade dispute, saying a negotiated outcome is still possible.
But economists warn that the tit-for-tat moves bear the hallmarks of a classic trade rift that could escalate. And already, the tensions have rattled global stock markets.
Global financial markets had fallen sharply as the world's two biggest economies squared off over Beijing's aggressive trade tactics.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell as much as 501 points after Beijing officials struck back against Trump's initial plans to impose tariffs on Wednesday.
Although the markets bounced back in value on Thursday, with the Dow Jones rallying more than 700 points from its low.
MOST READ WORLD NEWSS**T SHOE Shoe firms warn Donald Trump’s China trade war could send trainer prices soaring 'THE BEST OF TIMES' When does Ramadan 2019 end, what is the holy month and when is Eid? HANDS FREE Japanese women use anti-groping app that blasts 'help me there's a molester' EYE SPY Watch the unbelievable 50x zoom on Huawei 'spy camera'…is this real reason for ban? BreakingHOLIDAY HELL Female tourist killed after bus slams into shop in central Benidorm TOUGH PUNISHMENT Judge forced to retire after her topless pic is posted online by hacker GAS ATROCITY FEARS US warns Syria it WILL respond after 'signs' of deadly chemical attack ME-OUCH Cat owner's face swelled & she ended up in hospital after scratch caused reaction What happened to Agnese? Mystery of waitress bundled into car by Brits outside Costa club SICK PIMP PAIR Vile couple force disabled woman, 29, to work as a £160 sex slave in shed 
Could the China-US trade row rock the global economy?
Financial markets have become a battleground as China and the US fuel ramp up what appears to be the biggest trade battle since World War II.
JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, arguably the most powerful banker in the world, warned the nation's trade dispute will pour risk and uncertainty into the global economy.
He said a resolution of the "serious trade issues" would be good for the US and the rest of the world.
He added: "Tariffs and non-tariff barriers to trade are often not fair; intellectual property is frequently stolen; and the rights to invest in and own companies in some countries, in many cases, are not equal.
"(But) anything that starts to resemble a trade war creates risk and uncertainty to the global economic system."
THE RAPID ESCALATION OF US-CHINA TRADE DISPUTE
March 8
Trump announces import tariffs of 25 percent on steel and 10 percent for aluminium, but exempts Canada and Mexico and offers the possibility of excluding other allies
March 18
The largest companies in the US represented by 45 US trade unions urged Trump to avoid imposing tariffs on China, insisting it would be "particularly harmful" to the US economy and consumers.
April 1
China increased tariffs on 128 US products, including frozen pork and fruits, by up to 25 percent, in response to US duties on imports of aluminium and steel.
April 3
Trump proposed 25 percent of tariffs on 1,300 industrial tech, transport and medical products to force changes in China's intellectual property practices.
April 4
China said it will impose 25 percent of additional tariffs on 106 US goods including agricultural goods such as soybeans and chemicals.
April 5
The World Trade Organisation said China tried to resolve the dispute with the US. Trump later instructed US trade officials to consider $100 billion in additional tariffs on China.

This morning, the dollar slipped against the yen after Trump issued his latest trade threats.
Trump justified his moves saying, "China's illicit trade practices ignored for years by Washington have destroyed thousands of American factories and millions of American jobs".
But some Asian stocks slipped in today's trading - Japan's Nikkei 225 was down 0.4 percent and South Korea's Kospi fell 0.6 percent.
Britain’s FTSE has fallen 0.5 percent, Germany’s DAX shedding 0.85 percent and France’s CAC losing 0.75 percent
Reuters3 A trader is seen on the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday
TYPES OF TRADE TARIFFS

Ad valorem tariff: this is the most commen form of tariff, which is Latin for "according to value". This form of tarrif is levied on a good based on a percentage of that good's value.
Specific tariffs: a fixed fee levid on one unit of an imported good. This tariff can vary according to the type of good imported.


How could Britain be affected?
Tensions between the US and China could rock global supply and distribution chains, which will eventually affect Brit tech consumers.
If the two nations could not try to settle the score over the table, companies could end up having to relocate their factories and distribution centres.
Global companies such as Apple, who invest in both countries, would have to relocate, and pass the costs down to the consumer.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.




