Under fire Trump defends intervention for sanctioned Chinese telecom company ZTE citing a possible trade deal with Beijing and his 'personal relationship' with Xi Jinping
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5727607/Trumps-pledge-help-Chinas-ZTE-spurs-backlash-Washington.html
 16:43 BST, 14 May 2018 
President Donald Trump defended his decision this afternoon to revisit penalties for Chinese company ZTE for flouting U.S. sanctions on trade with Iran, saying the telecom maker is a big buyer for U.S. suppliers.'ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi,' Trump said on Monday. Trump, known for his fiery rhetoric against Chinese trade practices he says hurt U.S. jobs, faced backlash from both Republican and Democratic lawmakers after he pledged to work with Chinese President Xi Jinping to help ZTE, saying too many jobs in China had been lost.         President Donald Trump defended his decision this afternoon to revisit penalties for Chinese company ZTE for flouting U.S. sanctions on trade with Iran, saying the telecom maker is a big buyer for U.S. suppliers         Trump, known for his fiery rhetoric against Chinese trade practices he says hurt U.S. jobs, faced backlash from both Republican and Democratic lawmakers after he pledged to work with Chinese President Xi Jinping to help ZTE, saying too many jobs in China had been lost          ZTE said on May 6, 2018 it applied to the U.S. Commerce Department to suspend a seven-year ban on doing business with U.S. technology exporters         Shares of ZTE suppliers rose after Trump's pledges to help ZTE. Acacia Communications Inc, an optical component maker, jumped nearly 9 percent       The company shut its main operations after the Commerce Department banned U.S. companies from selling components to ZTE for seven years after it violated the terms of a settlement deal for illegally shipping goods made with U.S. parts to Iran and North Korea.ZTE paid more than $2.3 billion to 211 U.S. exporters in 2017, a senior ZTE official said on Friday. U.S. companies are estimated to provide 25 percent to 30 percent of components used in ZTE's smartphones, network gear and other products.The U.S. Commerce Department is exploring options besides a supplier ban to punish ZTE , China's second-largest telecom maker, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said.'ZTE did do some inappropriate things ... the question is are there alternative remedies to the ones we had originally put forward and that's the area we will be exploring very, very promptly,' Ross told journalists at the National Press Club in Washington.On Monday ZTE declined comment, and Ross did not provide details about options under consideration.Trump in a Sunday tweet, said, 'President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast. 'Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!'He said in a follow up message, 'China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool, it will all work out!'         Trump's olive branch comes as his top trade and economic officials prepare to meet this week in Washington with Chinese Vice Premier Liu for talks on trade concerns ranging from intellectual property protections to farm goods to steel capacityShares of ZTE suppliers rose after Trump's pledge. Acacia Communications Inc, an optical component maker, jumped nearly 9 percent.Washington export control lawyer Doug Jacobson, who represents ZTE suppliers, said Trump's tweet 'gives ZTE light at the end of the tunnel.' Since the ZTE ban went into effect last month, U.S. suppliers have sought guidance from the Commerce Department about inventory.The companies would like to withdraw the inventory so they can sell the components elsewhere. But in a possible indication the government is considering easing the ban, suppliers are being told to wait a week or so before taking further action, a source familiar with the situation said.Trump's olive branch comes as his top trade and economic officials prepare to meet this week in Washington with Chinese Vice Premier Liu for talks on trade concerns ranging from intellectual property protections to farm goods to steel capacity.The president has threatened $150 billion in tariffs on imports of Chinese goods, and China has threatened to retaliate against U.S. exports, including soybeans and aircraft.                  Ross said 'the gap remains wide' on how to address the trade imbalance between the two nations.Sources briefed on the matter said Beijing demanded the ZTE issue be resolved as a prerequisite for broader trade talks.The Wall Street Journal reported Beijing would back away from threats to slap tariffs on U.S. farm goods in exchange for easing the ban on selling components to ZTE, citing people in both countries briefed on the emerging deal.Two sources, who declined to be identified, told Reuters on Sunday China was willing in principle to import more U.S. agriculture products in return for Washington smoothing out penalties against ZTE.A U.S. official briefed on the matter said a possible deal involving ZTE and U.S. agriculture products could include Chinese concessions to allow completion of Qualcomm Inc's $44 billion takeover of NXP Semiconductors, which has been delayed by a lengthy antitrust review by Chinese regulators.U.S. intelligence officials on Sunday evening and Monday said they were caught off guard by Trump´s reversal and remained concerned about security threats they said the Chinese company poses to the United States and its allies.Speaking on the condition of anonymity, three officials said the Chinese government, which has close ties to ZTE, could use its mobile phones and other technology to spy on U.S. citizens, companies and government activities.                The U.S. Commerce Department is exploring options besides a supplier ban to punish ZTE , China's second-largest telecom maker, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said MondayBy handing the decision to the Commerce Department, Trump appeared to prioritize commercial issues over security concerns, and cut national security officials out of the process, they said. Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House's intelligence panel, also warned Trump Sunday, 'Our intelligence agencies have warned that ZTE technology and phones pose a major cyber security threat. You should care more about our national security than Chinese jobs.'And Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, a member of the upper chamber's intel committee, moved Monday to keep the federal government or its subsidiaries or contractors from purchasing communications equipment from ZTE.GOP leader in the Senate John Cornyn and reliable Trump ally Tom Cotton co-signed a previous version of the legislation.Under questioning from Cotton about ZTE and another company, Huawei, in February, FBI Director Christopher Wray said the bureau is 'deeply concerned about the risks of allowing any company or entity that is beholden to foreign governments that does not share our values to gain positions of power inside our telecommunications networks. 'That provides the capacity to exert pressure or control over our telecommunications infrastructure. It provides the capacity to maliciously modify or steal information, and it provides the capacity to conduct undetected espionage,' he said.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Hillary Clinton says President Trump does not deserve Nobel...    'Be cool, it will all work out!' Trump insists the US and...    Trump's national security advisor says 'it's possible' U.S....    'We must stop it - it is insidious': Hillary Clinton warns...    

Share this article
Share

 'So, at a 100,000 foot level, at least in this setting, those are the kind of things that worry us.'Rubio, Cornyn and Cotton's legislation would prevent the U.S. government from buying or leasing equipment Huawei, the largest Chinese telecom maker, as well as ZTE.'I hope this isn't the beginning of backing down to China,' Rubio said on Twitter after Trump's latest announcement. 'We are crazy to allow them to operate in U.S. without tighter restrictions.'The White House said Trump wanted Ross to look at the issue 'consistent with applicable laws and regulations' after Chinese officials raised the matter in various talks.'He's been tough,'Deputy Press Secretary Raj Shah said. 'I mean this President has taken China to task for its unfair trade practices through this Section 301 investigation.'Shah rested his case on the $150 billion of tariffs on China for intellectual property and trade violations that Trump has threatened. 'So he's been tough and he's confronted them,' Shah argued. 'But on this issue specifically, he's asked the Secretary of Commerce to take a look at it. The president's spokesman told reporters, 'This is part of a very complex relationship between the United States and China that involves economic issues, national security issues, and the like.'It's an issue of high concern for China that's been raised with the U.S. -- with the U.S. government and with our administration at various levels,' he acknowledged.       
