Jose Mourinho remains positive Marouane Fellaini will accept Man United contract offer but admits 'the destiny is in his hands'
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-5686881/Jose-Mourinho-remains-positive-Marouane-Fellaini-accept-Man-United-contract-offer.html
 13:33 BST, 3 May 2018 
Jose Mourinho believes there is still a good chance that Marouane Fellaini will stay at Manchester United but admits the player's destiny is in his own hands.Mourinho claimed that United were close to agreeing new contract terms with Fellaini after the Belgium midfielder came off the bench to head the winner against Arsenal last weekend.But the 30-year-old has since told United that they made a mistake in not offering him a new deal when he asked for one last year, and the club could end up having to pay more than £40million for a replacement.          Marouane Fellaini celebrates after scoring Man United's winner against Arsenal last weekend         United manager Jose Mourinho celebrates Fellaini's winning goal on Sunday afternoon         Mourinho remains optimistic that Fellaini will sign a new contract to remain at United Man United fixtures  Friday Brighton (A)May 10 West Ham (A)May 13 Watford (H)May 19 Chelsea (Wembley)FA Cup final   Fellaini can leave as a free agent at the end of his £80,000-a-week contract next month, with offers from Turkey, Italy and the Premier League on the table.Mourinho accepts that the former Everton player has the upper hand in negotiations, but is still optimistic that Fellaini will stay.'I'm still positive,' said Mourinho. 'He's important, he's a player that I like but again, especially for him, he has a different position in relation to other players with his contract because we can control other players' destiny in another way. 'In Marouane's case, the destiny is in his hands. He knows I want him to stay and the club wants him to stay. He has an offer from us and it's up to him yes or no. 'I am still positive as he likes to be here, he likes the feeling of the manager trusting him and I think there is a good chance for him to stay. But if he leaves, so be it.'            Mourinho is positive Fellaini will stay but admits the player's 'destiny is in his own hands'         The Belgian midfielder helped United to glory in the UEFA Europa League last seasonMourinho denied that Matteo Darmian and Daley Blind will definitely leave United this summer, but admitted that the club wouldn't stand in the way of players who wanted to leave.It's understood that both defenders have been told they can go, with Darmian in talks with Juventus and Blind drawing interest from Roma and Inter Milan.'They are part of my plans,' said Mourinho. 'I think when a player wants to go, if that's the case and when the right offers arrive in the club, we study that because we always try to have the players happy. 'So if happiness means for them to leave, let's see what happens. But they are in my plans I don't want to sell I want to keep.'    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Manchester United make Juventus left back Alex Sandro a...    Rio Ferdinand announces he is 'hanging up' his gloves on...    Jose Mourinho appears to take a dig at Cristiano Ronaldo in...    Liverpool have now reached as many European Cup finals as...    

Share this article
Share
133 shares

     
