Destiny calling: Froch determined to be crowned the best in the world by beating Ward
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-2075230/Carl-Froch-confident-beating-Andre-Ward.html
 18:53 BST, 16 December 2011 
Destiny calling: Froch determined to be crowned the best in the world by beating Ward By Sportsmail Reporter   Updated: 18:53 BST, 16 December 2011    


              View  comments   Carl Froch has vowed to fulfil his destiny by beating fellow champion Andre Ward in 'the big one' on Saturday and crowning himself the best super-middleweight on the planet.The two men meet in the final of the innovative Super Six tournament in Atlantic City with Froch's WBC title and Ward's WBA belt on the line.The tournament, conceived by American TV giant Showtime, has been an admirable success despite a number logistical problems and withdrawals.      Strong belief: Carl Froch is in confident mood ahead of his fight with Andre Ward Froch takes on unbeaten American Ward at the Boardwalk Hall in a clash of the competition's two best performers and though Mikkel Kessler - who pulled out through injury - and IBF champion Lucian Bute would dispute it, the winner will be regarded as the top man in the division.Froch entered the tournament enthralled by the prospect of consistently competing in big fights and he has not been disappointed.'It's the final of the innovative Super Six tournament which pitched the best super-middleweights against the best super-middleweights," he told Press Association Sport.'This is the final, where I thought I'd be two years ago. When I signed up to it I knew it was going to be a tough road so I'm where I thought I would be.     Standing in his way: Ward is the favourite with the bookmakers 'And of course it is a double world title fight, for the WBC and WBA titles - which are the best belts in world boxing - and of course we're the two best super-middleweights on the planet. So it doesn't get much bigger than this.'This is it. This is the big one. This could be the defining moment for me to become an international superstar.'I knew it was my destiny.'Froch has no concerns about fighting Ward in his own country as the Californian makes a rare appearance on the east coast of the United States.'It's like a neutral venue because he's used to fighting on the west coast,' Froch said.'It's levelled the playing field quite a lot because he's got to come over to Atlantic City.'Ward (24-0, 13 KO wins) is a heavy betting favourite heading into the bout in NewJersey but Froch (28-1, 20KOs) has recently shown technical boxing skills to prove he has the extra dimension his opponent may be lacking.The Briton is relishing the chance to prove people wrong.'I'm not really surprised to be rated as the underdog,' said the 34-year-old.'I was the underdog when I went into the Arthur Abraham fight last year. A massive underdog. And I produced such a landslide winning performance.'What the bookies take into account is the fact I'm fighting an American in America and if any rounds are close - which potentially they are going to be - he's going to get the nod on the scorecards.      What it's all about: Ward and Froch will fight it out for the Super Six trophy 'They take that sort of approach into their decision when making the odds, so I'm not surprised I'm the underdog.'It just makes the bookies look ridiculous.'Much has been made of alleged dirty tactics this week, with claims Ward uses his head illegally and the American refuting that and throwing mud in the opposite direction.Froch's trainer Robert McCracken, who is also the head coach of Great Britain's amateur boxing programme, said: 'The reality is it's a fight. There are 12 three-minute rounds and the rules will apply. But of course at times things can happen in there, elbows can go in, one or two other things can go on.      Ready: Froch is prepared for the fight 'This is part of the game and something Carl accepts and he gets on with it. I'm sure Andre will as well.'Ward, 27, has cut a determined figure all week and is relishing the chance to settle matters in the ring.'I love big moments like this and big fights like this,' he said.'Carl Froch is the self-proclaimed best fighter in England and I love it. I want to fight the best and I want to beat the best.'This fight should be dubbed 'No Excuses'. If Carl Froch beats me then there won't be any excuses. If I beat him, then there should be no excuses. Not judges, not referees, nothing.'May the best man win.'    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Son of God is on a mission: Ward preaching the right way, but can he handle the Cobra?    Froch out to show he's a big hit after British boxing given bloody nose      Froch fighting fit: Yoga in and Guinness out but don't think that the Cobra's lost his bite    Clinton McKenzie: Ward is dazzling but watch out for the Cobra's strike...    

Share this article
Share

    
