Day of destiny for City's Sky Blues! Just do what you did 44 years ago
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2140200/Day-destiny-Manchester-City.html
 00:57 BST, 6 May 2012 
Day of destiny for City's Sky Blues! Just do what you did 44 years ago By Bob Cass   Published: 00:57 BST, 6 May 2012  |  Updated: 01:19 BST, 6 May 2012    


              6 View  comments   It might not be a case of history exactly repeating itself as Manchester City head to Tyneside on Sunday knowing that they must win if they are to end their long wait to become champions. But run the clock back 44 years and up pops a scenario that is so similar to the current situation that they can start tying the sky blue and white ribbons on the Premier League trophy now.On May 11, 1968, City and champions Manchester United were level on points as the final day dawned on what had been a fluctuating title race. But City had a significantly better goal average and they knew that if they could beat a formidable Newcastle United at St James’ Park the crown was theirs, no matter what United did at home against mid-table Sunderland.      City slickers: Francis Lee celebrates his goal at St James' Park MATCH FACTSSaturday 11 May 1968Newcastle 3 Manchester City 4Newcastle: McFaul; Craig, Clark, Moncur, McNamee, Iley, Sinclair, Scott, Davies, B. Robson, T.Robson.Man City: Mulhearn; Book, Pardoe, Doyle, Heslop, Oakes, Lee, Bell, Summerbee, Young, Coleman.Manchester Utd 1 Sunderland 2Man Utd: Stepney; Brennan, Dunne, Crerand, Foulkes, Stiles, Best, Kidd, Charlton, Sadler, AstonSunderland: Montgomery; Harvey, Hurley, Todd, Ashurst, Porterfield, Harris, Herd, Stuckey, Suggett, Mulhall.  The coincidence is uncanny, and even Old Trafford boss Sir Alex Ferguson acknowledges that City will be as good as champions if they pass today’s tough test even though there will still be one round of fixtures to play next Sunday.  The date with destiny at Newcastle has triggered all sorts of memories for one of the City legends from that unforgettable day 44 years ago, Mike Summerbee.  The former England winger, now a club ambassador at the Etihad Stadium, is as excited as any City fan about the club’s  current position and bases his confidence for a similar outcome this afternoon on what  happened back in 1968, when they ended a 31-year wait for the title.  He said: ‘There’s nothing about that game I don’t remember. And the coincidences with today are remarkable, apart from the fact that there will still be one game left. We’re going to Newcastle and United are at home to Swansea, a team whose name starts with an “S”!       Champagne movement: The City team enjoy their league title success in the dressing room‘We went there with a lot of optimism because the confidence in the dressing room couldn’t have been higher. We were on a bit of a roll after beating the likes of Everton and Spurs and our fans were as confident as we were.’  It is estimated that there were 20,000 fanatical City supporters in a 46,500 crowd that day. And they sang all the way home to Manchester after a thrilling 4-3 victory that was as dramatic as the entire season had been.  Summerbee added: ‘The atmosphere in the ground was amazing. There was no segregation at all, City fans sat and stood alongside Newcastle fans all over the ground. There were even people sat on the cinder track around the perimeter.        Pure joy: The Manchester City fans invade the pitch at St James Park as they win the title ‘There wasn’t a hint of trouble and, I can tell you, I know great friendships were forged on that day. The game matched the atmosphere, a full-blooded clash between two totally committed teams but we were determined not to lose it.’  An early Summerbee goal raised the temperature - and the decibels - to an even higher level. But Newcastle’s ‘Pop’ Robson lived up to his name by grabbing an immediate equaliser. Neil Young then restored the City advantage only for Jackie Sinclair to level again before half-time.  ‘I had managed to finish off a great move,’ said Summerbee, ‘but we just couldn’t hold on to our lead. When we went in at half-time our coach  Malcolm Allison just said, “C’mon lads. Let’s tighten up. Let’s make it happen”.        Celebration time: George Heslop (left) and Colin Bell celebrate in the changing room after the Manchester City victory ‘And that’s just what we did. Youngy got a third and when Francis [Lee] gave us a two-goal advantage, we were never going to lose, although Newcastle did manage to pull one back.’  As it turned out, the result was academic because, despite a George Best goal, United lost 2-1 to Sunderland in front of 63,000 Old Trafford fans.  But nothing can erase the magic of the moment for Summerbee. ‘There will be a lot of memories flooding back on Sunday,’ he said.       Making a save: Jim Montgomery takes the ball from the feet of Manchester United's Brian Kidd ‘Since that day we’ve lost three great lads in Mike Doyle, who was a colossus for us that day, George Heslop and, of course, Neil Young, whose two goals made it possible.  ‘I’m an emotional man and I know the spirits of those three guys will be with the team this time.  ‘I know it won’t be easy, especially after Newcastle’s result at Chelsea, but the lads will be up for it as much as we were. I just hope we can repeat the victory we won on that day.’       Taking the Mick: City's Mick Summerbee clips the ball home    
