Rory McIlroy ready to fulfill his destiny as Tiger Woods returns to take the spotlight 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/golf/article-3025936/Rory-McIlroy-ready-fulfill-destiny-Tiger-Woods-returns-spotlight.html
 23:14 BST, 4 April 2015 
Just when Rory McIlroy thought things could not get any better as he heads to Augusta National on Sunday to register for the 79th Masters, the news of Tiger Woods’ dramatic reappearance can have only added to his contentment.Woods will now be the headline story in the build-up for the vast majority of the American media and that can only help McIlroy in his historic attempt to join Tiger and just four other golfers who have completed the career Grand Slam.It is partly because of the limelight’s forbidding glare that the Northern Irishman has been practising behind closed doors at the Bear’s Club in Southern Florida for the past fortnight. Now he will turn up at Augusta to the pleasant surprise that it will not be shining quite so brightly as he had feared.       Rory McIlroy, pictured in action at the Arnold Palmer Invitational, and is favourite to win the Masters         McIlroy is world No 1 while Tiger Woods has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in almost 19 yearsReports emerging from the Bear’s Club tell of McIlroy with a bounce in his stride and a contented look on his face. Word is that he is delighted with his fortnight’s work. He is ready.‘I had a chat with him there last week and he’s a happy boy,’ said Ernie Els. ‘He has got that nice draw back with his drive and he feels like he has fixed a couple of other things that were bothering him. I think he’s going to be all right.’It is hard to see how Woods is going to be all right. About the only thing going for him is that he does have the comfort of a phenomenal record at Augusta. It might be 10 years since he claimed the fourth of his green jackets but even during this barren spell he has finished inside the top six on seven occasions.         Woods could pose a threat to McIlroy at the Masters after confirming that he will play at Augusta          McIlroy poses with his parents Rose and Gerry after winning the Dubai Desert Classic in February  Can McIlroy join these giants of the game and win a career Grand Slam?    Gene SarazenBorn 1902 (died 1999, aged 97)in the US.Major wins: Seven(Masters ’35; US Open ’22, ’32; The Open ’32; PGA Championship ’22, ’23, ’33)PGA Tour wins: 39Age he completed Grand Slam: 33, at the 1935 MastersSarazen hit what became known as ‘the shot heard around the world’ on his way to winning the ’35 Masters. He trailed Craig Wood by three shots in the final round when, at the 15th, he holed his second at the par five for an albatross — the rarest shot in golf. He won his first major, the ’22 US Open, aged 20 and pocketed $700. He later invented the sand wedge.Ben HoganBorn 1912 (died 1997, aged 84) in the US.Major wins: 9 (Masters ’51, ’53; US Open ’48, ’50, ’51, ’53; The Open ’53; PGA Championship ’46, ’48)PGA Tour wins: 64Age he completed Grand Slam: 41, at The Open in ’53.One of the most graceful swings in the history of the game. Endured 59 days in hospital during his prime after a car accident in ’49, but recovered to ultimately sit fourth on the all-time list of PGA Tour winners, including three Major titles in ’53 alone. Actually learned to play using a left-handed club, despite being right-handed.Gary PlayerBorn 1935 in South Africa.Major wins: 9 (Masters ’61, ’74, ’78; US Open ’65; The Open ’59, ’68, ’74; PGA Championship ’62, ’72)PGA Tour wins: 24Age he completed the Grand Slam: 29, at the 1965 US Open.Player took up golf at 14 and parred the opening three holes of his first round. By 16 he predicted he would be world No 1 and at 17 he was professional. Went on to win 165 tournaments on six continents across six decades. The only non-American to have won the Grand Slam.Jack NicklausBorn 1940 in the US.Major wins: 18 (Masters ’63, ’65, ’66, ’72, ’75, ’86; US Open ’62, ’67, ’72, ’80; The Open ’66, ’70, ’78; PGA Championship ’63, ’71, ’73, ’75, ’80)PGA Tour wins: 73Age he completed Grand Slam: 26, at The Open in 1966.The greatest of all time? One of only two men to have won the Grand Slam more than once, having won each tournament a minimum of three times, along with Tiger Woods. Won the first Major he ever played in — 1962 US Open — and won more majors than any other player in the history of the game.Tiger WoodsBorn 1975 in the US.Major wins: 14 (Masters ’97, 01, 02, 05; US Open: 00, 02, 08; The Open: 00, 05, 06; PGA Championship ’99, 00, 06, 07)PGA Tour wins: 79Age he completed Grand Slam: 24, at The Open in 2000.Three times over he has won the Grand Slam and across 2000 to 2001 became the only player in history to hold all four Majors at the same time — the Tiger Slam. Also the youngest to ever win all four, a record McIlroy can’t break. Is only three Tour wins off Sam Snead’s record and already the richest sportsman in the world. But how will the story end?          McIlroy is aiming to complete a career Grand Slam and win his fifth major when he arrives at AugustaBut it will be a performance totally out of keeping with what we have been witnessing during his sporadic appearances over the past year for him to continue in that vein this time. The reason he took a 63-day break from the game was because he was riddled with the chipping yips that caused him to chunk any number of shots in his last full round. That was a wretched 82 in the Waste Management Open in late January — his worst score as a pro.Since then he has obviously hit thousands of chip shots and worked hard on honing his technique. But will all that be protection when the eyes of the golfing world are trained on him on Thursday? One poorly struck chip early on from Augusta’s unforgiving tight lies and we could be in car crash territory for the rest of the way.As for McIlroy, the news he has been beavering away perfecting certain shots took Europe’s best coach Pete Cowen back to the days when he was coach of Ireland’s amateur team and was introduced to a 14-year-old Rory.         McIlroy poses with the US Open trophy in June 2011 after winning his first major by eight strokes‘Even then he was as good as the best player in the team and hit it as long as the best player in the team,’ he said. ‘But what amazed me was that he’d go away and work on a shot he felt he hadn’t got. I’d say to the group something like: “Who can hit a long bunker shot for me?” It was always Rory who would stick his hand up. And he couldn’t play it. But you’d tell him how to play it and then, a month or two later, when we next met up, he couldn’t wait to see me. He would be able to play it. He had obviously worked with his coach Michael Bannon and practised until he did have it. And then he would ask: “What’s next”?’After his victories in the US Open in 2011 before claiming The Open and USPGA Championship last year, what is next for McIlroy is the chance to complete the set at the Masters at the almost obscenely young age of 25.‘I have to laugh sometimes when players come up to me excitedly and say they feel they’re ready to win a tournament at 25,’ said Cowen. ‘Here’s the man who’s now comfortably the best player in the world and he’s only 25! I’m just a huge admirer of every step he has taken along the way. Mike (Bannon) has done a brilliant job and Rory has never been satisfied, continually demanding: “What’s next?” and taking on the hard decisions.         McIlroy lifts the giant Wanamaker trophy after winning the US PGA Championship in South Carolina in 2012‘Look at his commitment to fitness. That core strength he has now has stabilised what needed to be stabilised in his golf swing, so he has added that to the flair he has always possessed.‘What can Rory achieve in the game? Whatever he wants. He really hasn’t got a weakness.’Tiger and Rory will inevitably hog the headlines but it would not surprise anyone if the former is gone by the weekend and players other than the latter are competing on Sunday for the green jacket.This is golf, after all, the sport where 20 consecutive tournaments on the PGA Tour recently produced 20 different winners. The Masters is the only major championship currently held by an American and to a formidable cast of in-form US runners and riders can now be added the name of three-time Masters champion Phil Mickelson, following his stirring showing at the Houston Open last week.         McIlroy manages a smile after throwing away a four-shot lead on the final day of the Masters in 2011The list is headed by the brilliant quintet of defending champion Bubba Watson, Dustin Johnson, Patrick Reed, Rickie Fowler and Jordan Spieth, who finished runner-up on his Masters debut last year and is a far better player now than he was then. And he is still only 21.One other American who will not get a mention but is certainly worth keeping an eye on is the quiet man Jimmy Walker. Underestimate him at your peril and, with five wins to his name over the past 18 months, he has shown he knows how to close the deal. Other than McIlroy, Europe’s hopes lie principally with Henrik Stenson, who has been playing as well as anyone in the game over the past month.         The world No 1 launches his ball into the crowd after holing the winning putt at the Dubai Desert ClassicFrom the UK, Justin Rose showed enough in Houston last week to suggest he is now over his March funk, while Paul Casey represents a good each-way bet. And still we have not mentioned the skilled practitioners from Australia like Jason Day and Adam Scott, or those from South Africa.Such a starry cast list illustrates of course just why only Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Woods have completed the career Grand Slam since the Masters was formed in 1934.And now a man from these shores has the chance to join this company of legends. Long after the Woods hoopla has died down, let’s hope McIlroy has kept nerve and muscle in perfect harmony to fulfil his destiny.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Graeme McDowell: I know I'm the underdog as I have always...    Danny Willett aiming to be the first debutant to win The...    RORY McILROY: If I win the Masters and complete a career...    Lydia Ko seven shots behind at ANA Inspiration after...    

Share this article
Share

   
