US MASTERS 2010: Lee Westwood faces day of destiny at Augusta as Phil Mickelson and Tiger Woods gather for final challenge
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/golf/article-1265117/US-MASTERS-2010-Lee-Westwood-faces-day-destiny-Augusta-Phil-Mickelson-Tiger-Woods-gather-final-challenge.html
 14:34 BST, 11 April 2010 
US MASTERS 2010: Lee Westwood faces day of destiny at Augusta as Phil Mickelson and Tiger Woods gather for final challenge By Peter Higgs at Augusta  Updated: 14:34 BST, 11 April 2010    


              View  comments   Lee Westwood faces his day of destiny in the 74th US Masters today with the chance to win his first major championship and become the first English holder of the Green Jacket since Nick Faldo's victory 14 years ago. After a day in which Tiger Woods showed signs of cracking under the pressure of his comeback from a shame-filled five-month absence from golf, Westwood was calmness personified as he withstood a thrilling charge from local favourite Phil Mickelson to take a one-shot lead into today's final round.        In contention: Tiger shot a two-under 70 to end four shots behind Westwood A simply wonderful day's golf featured an early surge from Westwood, which took him four clear of the field, before Mickelson had the Augusta National crowds roaring their appreciation with a 27-minute spell in which he hit two eagles in succession followed by a birdie to overhaul the Englishman and take the lead.       In the running: K.J Choi  But the man from Worksop refused to be unsettled and held his nerve over the final four holes to finish with a 68 and go back in front by a shot.  Now the European No1 stands on the threshold of claiming the ultimate prize and filling the only void in his 16-year professional career. After three third places in major championships and failing at the final hole of last year's Open, the 36-year-old world No4 has done everything bar win a major. 'I think I'm ready,' said Westwood last night. 'I fought my way around the course well. The noise when Mickelson eagled started on the 11th, but it did not affect the way I was playing. What Phil was doing ahead of me was of no importance. All I can do is stick to my gameplan, which I have done over the first three days. I'll do that again tomorrow because I've found a way to play the course which suits me best.' He will need to show strong powers of nerve and control to hold off two-time Masters winner Mickelson and four-time winner Woods. The man around whom the tournament publicity has centred, Woods typically fought back from a troubled day to stay only four shots off the lead and still leave himself with a chance of completing one of the great comebacks in sporting history.       On the move: Phil Mickelson shot 67 with consecutive eagles on the back nine   Yesterday the strain on the golfer who has been the subject of a lurid sex scandal for the last five months began to show. For two days, Woods, under the microscope of public attention, had behaved impeccably, acted calmly and played impressively. It seemed that his 45 days of therapy and re-adoption of Buddhism had converted him into a more controlled character. But the mood around the 34-year-old changed dramatically in the early stages of yesterday's third round, which he had started two behind the English pair of Westwood and Ian Poulter, with Westwood taking advantage to pull away from the other leading challengers.      Catch me if you can: Lee Westwood leads the pack Woods' problems began at the 240-yard fourth where he pulled his tee shot into a bunker and failed to save par. When he pulled his tee shot again at the next par three, the 180-yard sixth, Woods was heard to yell: 'Tiger Woods, you suck, goddammit', prompting a CBS TV commentator to quip: 'Well, some things haven't changed.' Nick Faldo, acting as an analyst for the American television network, said : 'There's an awful lot of pressure on him and he's going to fail at times. People are going to be critical of every move he makes.' On the seventh again Woods yelled, 'Dammit, Tiger' after mis-hitting his second shot. The man who had promised to be less driven and more respectful to the sport was showing the strain. 'I was fighting it all day,' said Woods afterwards. 'I struggled with the pace of the greens and with my swing.' In contrast, Westwood was playing like a man on a mission. The Worksop wonder had never led a major championship at the end of a round before setting out in the final pairing yesterday with his Ryder Cup team-mate Poulter. But, while Poulter had a disappointing day to drop six shots off the lead with a 74, Westwood showed that he thoroughly enjoyed being the front-runner, displaying the same kind of control and panache as when he ran away with the Dubai World Championship last November to become the European No1 for the second time. Looking completely unruffled, Westwood appeared to be enjoying the pressure and was in comfortable control of his game. He gained the ideal start with a birdie at the opening hole with a 15-foot putt and, although he missed a five-footer at the second to extend his lead, he made amends at the fourth with an immaculate four-iron approach to eight feet and a successful birdie putt. More birdies followed at the eighth, where he reached the uphill 570-yard par five in two shots, and the 10th, where he holed a slippery 20-footer across the green.      Bad day at the office: Poulter finished six shots behind Westwood, after carding a disappointing 74   By this stage Westwood was four clear of the rest of the field, four under for the day, and 12 under for the tournament without a shot dropped. With 26 holes to play, it was form of a champion in waiting. But such are the dangers lurking around the perilously beautiful Augusta National that counting chickens was not an option. As Poulter fell back, Mickelson charged into contention in sensational style. From four shots behind, the 39-year-old left-hander, who has been out of form in the build-up to the tournament, showed why he has won twice at Augusta, in 2004 and 2006, and why he is such a popular figure with the American fans. At the 510-yard par five 13th, he rolled in a 10-foot putt for an eagle, followed that up by holing a 137-yard approach to the 14th for a second successive eagle and was only just short of repeating the feat at the 15th, where his approach finished inches from the pin and he had to settle for a tap-in birdie. In the space of three holes, Mickelson had made up five shots and, with Westwood finding the greenside bunker at the short 12th, had improbably taken the lead. It was tough on Westwood, who had played so well and done little wrong. But when the time came to show character, the Briton did so, hitting a marvellous shot from 221 yards to the heart of the 15th green for a birdie that took him back into the lead, where he stayed, ready for his big challenge today.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       US MASTERS: English duo Poulter and Westwood lead the way at Augusta    Martin Samuel: Tiger Woods is back to business after a day of seduction      Martin Samuel: Tiger laps up Augusta love - Woods back in the groove    Tiger Woods appears in controversial advert - with his late father Earl    

Share this article
Share

      
