It's my destiny to win Strictly...and find Ann a man! 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-1326829/Its-destiny-winStrictly--Ann-man.html
 09:19 BST, 5 November 2010 
It's my destiny to win Strictly...and find Ann a man!  By Nicole Lampert for the Daily Mail   Updated: 09:19 BST, 5 November 2010    


              6 View  comments   Every Sunday, after she has got through another gruelling round of Strictly Come Dancing, Michelle Williams goes to church and prays. Thanks to her experience as a former Destiny's Child singer, she went into the show as one of the favourites, announcing: 'I am looking to win.' But she has regularly found herself towards the bottom of the judges' leaderboard, fighting for her place. Being a loser is not a position she likes. On her Twitter page, she moaned: 'I don't know what else to do when ur best doesn't seem 2 be good enough!'                    Best of friends: Michelle Williams and Ann Widdecombe have bonded on Strictly  But she does not regret ignoring the advice of her former bandmate Beyonce Knowles, who warned her: 'You'll be judged by millions of people.'  When we meet in a London hotel, she is munching on a Krispy Kreme doughnut. I have no idea where she is going to put it. With her endless legs, she is even thinner in the flesh.  'Yes, I could gain a few pounds,' she says of her tiny frame. 'But I eat plenty and, for the first time in my life, my legs are toned.' She insists she has never watched her weight: 'My sister's had three kids and we're the same size. Genetically, this is the way I am.'  But when I probe as to what she eats I get a not-so-subtle brush-off. 'I eat what I wanna eat,' she says, brusquely.  Michelle is not a woman to be messed with. Perhaps that is why she gets on so well with the notoriously fierce Brendan Cole. The two are close and constantly texting. Has her dance partner met his match in the scary stakes?  Suggest that it must be hard for her living in her former bandmate Beyonce Knowles's shadow and you get a look that would frighten small children.  Ask about whether she is still close to the other girls and you get an angry rant: 'I don't know why we have to keep on proving we are friends. Why do people have this idea we don't get on?'  Yet, beneath the exterior, you get a sense of vulnerability. She admits she still can't swim, after nearly drowning as a child and that even now, aged 30, she is terrified of her mother.  Michelle's mother was horrified by the relatively tame Destiny's Child outfits  -  designed by Beyonce's mum. 'When she saw me in Destiny's Child, she said: "I'm gonna need you to cover those breasts up,"' says Michelle, who now prepares her mother for the revealing Strictly dresses in advance.  But the singer loves her outfits on the show. She says: 'I told the firm that produces them: "One day, you'll make my wedding dress." And I'm not even engaged.'  Another surprise for Michelle was bonding with the former Tory MP Ann Widdecombe over faith and bruises.  And she's determined to get spinster Ann a man: 'She's so lovely but she's never been married. I'm like: "Come on girl, get kissed."'  Like her Destiny's Child bandmates, Michelle grew up in an ambitious, middle-class family. One of four children, her mother was a nurse, father was a factory supervisor and she went to private school.  Church was a big part of life in Rockford, Illinois, and she was studying for a degree in criminal justice when fame came calling. In 2000, Destiny's Child underwent its third change in line-up and she was hired. Michelle has now sold more than 50 million records with the group. And you can see why she gelled with Beyonce and Kelly Rowland  -  all are fiercely ambitious.  'We said at the start: "We're going to think like dudes." If men have an argument they go out and forget about it. We learned to not take things personally to avoid having rows,' she says.  Destiny's Child went on hiatus in 2002, while they pursued solo projects, and Michelle had a hit gospel album. They regrouped two years later, had another hit album, then split again.  None has ruled out another reunion.  Since then, Michelle's been in Broadway shows, but her albums have not sold as well as her former bandmates'.  But Michelle is happy  -  maybe because she has a boyfriend who, she confides, could be The One. The man in question is rumoured to be Chicago Bulls basketball player Taj Gibson.  And this workaholic says that when she finally settles down (she wants one child every five years, as she doesn't think she can handle two small children) she may give up work.  When you're married you have to take care of your man,' the Independent Women singer says.   Strictly is on BBc1 at 6.30pm Saturday.     
