Newcastle bounce back: Sportsmail looks at the six defining days which shaped their destiny
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-4441646/Newcastle-bounce-dates-shaped-destiny.html
 21:52 BST, 24 April 2017 
Phase one of Rafa Benitez's Newcastle redevelopment was completed on Monday night when his team beat Preston 4-1 at St James' Park.The victory saw Newcastle achieve a quick return to the Premier League after their disappointing relegation last season.Here, Sportsmail looks at the defining moments of the Magpies' comeback.         Newcastle players celebrate after achieving promotion back to the Premier League on Monday  March 11, 2016 - Benitez confirmed as managerSteve McClaren’s disastrous reign had been allowed to drag on for three months too long and so Benitez arrived with just 10 games to save Newcastle from relegation. Few could believe he had agreed to the challenge but Benitez backed himself to turn things around. His influence, however, came too late and, despite finishing the season six games unbeaten, they were relegated with one match to spare.         Rafa Benitez holds a Newcastle shirt in the tunnel after being announced as managerMay 15, 2016 - Newcastle 5 Spurs 1That match was at home to second-placed Spurs, and what a significant afternoon it proved to be. For not only did the brilliant performance of Moussa Sissoko persuade the visitors to later part with a staggering £30m for his services, the stunning nature of the victory and supporters’ reaction to it had persuaded Benitez to remain on Tyneside despite relegation.         Georginio Wijnaldum celebrates Newcastle's first goal in the victory over TottenhamMay 25, 2016 - Benitez signs new three-year dealIn the depths of St James’ Park, Benitez emerged to tell the waiting Press that he would be staying to lead the club into the Championship. It was relatively low-key given the late notice and close-season timing, but it could yet prove one of the biggest days in the club’s history.         Benitez (right) poses with managing director Lee Charnley after signing his new dealAugust 5, 2016 - Fulham 1 Newcastle 0This was just what Newcastle needed - a massive slap of reality in their opening fixture. ‘New season, same old problems’ read Sportsmail’s report. Benitez said there were ‘no positives’ other than the shock factor of the performance. They lost at home to Huddersfield a week later, but that early-season jolt served them well in managing expectations and motivating those who perhaps thought the division would be easy.         Matt Smith heads to score the winning goal against Newcastle in AugustSeptember 28, 2016 Newcastle 4 Norwich 3The Magpies were trailing 3-2 entering the fifth minute of stoppage-time before two goals inside 60 seconds from Yoan Gouffran and Dwight Gayle turned the game on its head. It proved the first of an eight-game winning sequence which shot them to the top of the table. If they had lost against Norwich they would have been 10th and Benitez would have been facing serious questions.         Dwight Gayle (3rd right) wheels away after netting a late winner at Norwich in SeptemberFebruary 28, 2017 Brighton 1 Newcastle 2There were nine minutes remaining when Christian Atsu’s scuffed shot deflected via Daryl Murphy and then bounced off the boot of the unwitting Mo Diame before looping into the top corner for 1-1. On moments of such fortune can seasons hinge and, come full-time, Newcastle had stolen the most valuable victory. Benitez will reflect on that Diame goal as perhaps the most significant of the entire season.         Mo Diame (centre) celebrates with his team-mates after scoring the equaliser at Brighton         Benitez (centre) congratulates his players after the final whistle at the Amex Stadium   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Newcastle United 4-1 Preston North End, Championship...    Newcastle United will return to the Premier League with win...    

Share this article
Share

   
