Destiny calls for Andy... and if he wins, Murray will battle through crowd into arms of his girlfriend
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/tennis/article-2170280/Wimbledon-2012-Andy-Murray-rush-Kim-Sears-wins.html
 22:00 BST, 7 July 2012 
Destiny calls for Andy... and if he wins, Murray will battle through crowd into arms of his girlfriend By Martha Kelner for The Mail on Sunday    Published: 22:00 BST, 7 July 2012  |  Updated: 22:01 BST, 7 July 2012    


         e-mail          14 View  comments    Andy Murray will embark on a spectacular Pat Cash-style ascent through the crowds into the players' box - and the arms of his girlfriend Kim Sears - if he becomes the first British man to win Wimbledon in 76 years.That, at least, is the assessment of the man who has seen more Wimbledon champions come and go on Centre Court than just about any other, veteran honorary steward David Spearing, a permanent fixture in the players' box for 15 years. With the Duchess of Cambridge expected to attend, if Murray elects to climb close to the Royal Box there could be a coming together of sporting and real Royalty.       Big chance: Andy Murray is on the verge of what would be a career defining moment   Millions of TV viewers at home will recognise Spearing as the man who wears a distinctive cowboy hat as he perches close to the players' nearest and dearest. He has seen this scaling of the stands, traditionally frowned upon by the All England Club, become de rigueur in recent years. 'I feel certain Andy Murray would rush up there to his family,' said Spearing.       Hopeful: Kim Sears would love it if her boyfriend had cause to rush to her after the final       Watchful eye: Murray puts in the hard yards in preparation for his fourth Grand Slam final 'It would be such a huge, emotional moment for him. For Federer, it is different because it would be just another title, he has become slightly blase about it all.' Should he win, Murray is likely to look to the heavens and point his fingers to the sky, his trademark celebration at these Championships. It is believed to relate to a health issue of one of his friends, but the British No 1 has twice refused to explain why he does it. Murray said: 'It's something for me and the guys that I work with. I don't really want to go into too much detail because I'll end up getting asked about it every single day. Whether it is [anything to do with religion] or not, I'm not going to tell anyone.'       Making their day: Murray braves the elements to sign autographs for fans Cash was the first player to stray from the stringent protocol of the Championships when he triumphed - coincidentally over Ivan Lendl, who now coaches Murray - in 1987 before a watching Princess Diana. His dash through the seats to hug his father, coach and girlfriend was later re-enacted by Pete Sampras, Maria Sharapova and Rafael Nadal.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Murray returns to Wimbledon for final preparations as...    Serena beats Radwanska to level Venus' Wimbledon tally with...    

Share this article
Share

      
