Sir Trevor is my destiny, says his Bond girl: Theatre director and actress break their silence on 'wonderful' relationship
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2509072/Sir-Trevor-Nunn-destiny-says-Bond-girl-Cheryl-Hersch.html
 00:29 BST, 18 November 2013 
Sir Trevor is my destiny, says his Bond girl: Theatre director and actress break their silence on 'wonderful' relationship By Simon Cable for The Mail on Sunday   Published: 00:29 BST, 18 November 2013  |  Updated: 08:52 BST, 18 November 2013    


         e-mail          24 View  comments         Bond girl: Cheryl Hersch appeared as a circus girl in Octopussy with Roger Moore  His last audition for a leading lady proved somewhat unsuccessful.But Sir Trevor Nunn has now spoken of his love for his new girlfriend – a former Bond Girl who he began dating shortly after the end of his whirlwind romance to Italian socialite Nancy Dell’Olio.The 73-year-old theatre director said he has been dating actress and model Cheryl Hersch, who is 18 years his junior, for the past 12 months, describing their romance as ‘wonderful’.The pair struck up a relationship just over a year after Sir Trevor announced the end of his 17-year marriage to actress Imogen Stubbs in April 2011, and within weeks of splitting from Miss Dell’Olio.Sir Trevor, who has been married three times, each time to an actress, told the Daily Mail: ‘We are both very private people. 'But we have known each other for just over a year now and we’ve spent a very great deal of time together over that period. We want to go on being together and having a lovely, private time.‘Cheryl lives close by and we met quite coincidentally. We discovered that we both lived in the same area and therefore things developed from that.’Speaking at the launch of new The Andrew Lloyd Webber Foundation Theatre in Chiswick he added: ‘We have had the most wonderful time together.’It can also be revealed that Miss Hersch was an aspiring actor, who once played a glamorous Bond Girl in 1980s Bond film Octopussy alongside Sir Roger Moore.Appearing under the stage name Cheryl Anne, she played a circus girl in the 1983 hit, in which she is seen dancing in a bikini. He last screen role came in 1994 when she took a cameo role in action film Streets of Rage. She has most recently worked as a model for a number of advertisements.It was earlier this year that Sir Trevor was first seen in a passionate clinch with Miss Hersch, a 55-year-old mother of two, shortly after ending his eight-month relationship with 55-year-old Italian lawyer-turned-celebrity, Miss Dell’Olio.      Wonderful: The 73-year-old theatre director has finally opened up about their romance, calling it 'wonderful'        Lucky: Hersch, 55, said after a year of romance, 'I feel very lucky to have met Trevor and it feels like our destiny'  The couple have since been seen enjoying lunch together near to their homes in Chiswick, West London, where they live just half a mile from one another.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Is she getting help with her voluminous locks? Nancy...    My career stalled because I got older: Dame Janet Suzman,...      Bond star 'marries' his gay partner - and they are both 'so...    

Share this article
Share

 They have also enjoyed weekend breaks together at Sir Trevor’s £750,000 cliff top holiday home in Cornwall, spending the days strolling along the beach.Miss Hersch added: ‘We are very, very happy. I feel very lucky to have met Trevor and it feels like our destiny. It feels like we were meant to be together. He is a lovely person - an old school, traditional gentleman.’With her blonde hair and striking looks, it hasn’t gone unnoticed that Miss Hersch bears an uncanny resemblance to Miss Stubbs.      Glamorous: Hersch (top left) used the stage name Cheryl Anne when she appeared in the 1983 Bond film    Sir Trevor has five children from his three marriages. His first wife was Janet Suzman, whom he met in 1968. They were together for nine years and had a son, Joshua.By the time their divorce was finalised he was seeing Sharon Lee Hill, who became his second wife in 1986. In 1990 she announced that their marriage would be ending in divorce and the couple became involved in a legal battle over their daughters Laurie and Amy.Sir Trevor and Miss Stubbs married in 1994, by which time she had already given birth to their daughter Ellie. The actress had their second child, Jesse, in 1996.Miss Hersch, who works as a model, has two children, Harry, 21 and Lily, 15. She is believed to have separated from the children’s father, Brian Mitchell several years ago. 
