Date with Destiny: Jay-Z and red hot Beyonce grab dinner with her former band member Kelly Rowland in Miami
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2245946/Jay-Z-Beyonce-grab-dinner-Destinys-Child-member-Kelly-Rowland-Miami.html
 18:01 BST, 10 December 2012 
Date with Destiny: Jay-Z and red hot Beyonce grab dinner with her former band member Kelly Rowland in Miami By Cassie Carpenter   Published: 18:01 BST, 10 December 2012  |  Updated: 07:48 BST, 11 December 2012    


         e-mail          51 View  comments    They met as children and spent seven years performing in the girl-group Destiny's Child.And Beyonce Knowles was spotted grabbing dinner with her life-long friend Kelly Rowland alongside husband Jay-Z and producer The Dream in Miami Sunday night.          Dinner with friends: Beyonce Knowles was spotted grabbing dinner with fellow Destiny's Child member Kelly Rowland alongside husband Jay-Z and producer The Dream in Miami Sunday nightThe foursome were seen leaving Soho Beach Club where Paris Hilton was also dining inside.  With her hair in a top-knot, the 16-time Grammy winner flaunted her famous curves in a red-hot mini-dress with black sheer sleeves.  While the Motivation singer, who just returned from Hong Kong for a TW Steel watch launch, looked fantastic in a simple grey tank top and black leather trousers.      Beyonce's BFF: Kelly, who just returned from Hong Kong for a TW Steel watch launch, looked fantastic in a simple grey tank top and black leather trousers                   Red hot: With her hair in a top-knot, the 16-time Grammy winner flaunted her famous curves in a crimson mini-dress with black sheer sleeves     Coordinating: The Watch the Throne hitmaker, who turned 43 last week, wore a chambray shirt, light blue jeans, and a red Brooklyn Nets baseball cap to match his wife's frock'#D'USSE' ....nuff said!!!' Kelly tweeted that night along with a picture of the expensive cognac Jay-Z endorses.  Like many other celebrities, Beyonce and Kelly - both 31 - have been in Florida for Art Basel, an international contemporary art fair featuring special events, galleries, and exhibitions.  The Watch the Throne hitmaker, who turned 43 last week, wore a chambray shirt, light blue jeans, and a red Brooklyn Nets baseball cap to match his wife's frock.        Cola queen: The Love On Top singer, who reportedly signed a $50 million deal with Pepsi, is scheduled to return to the stage for the SuperBowl in February  There was no sign of the couple's baby daughter Blue Ivy, who turns one next month.  Meanwhile, The Dream showed his team spirit for the Chicago Bulls by wearing a jacket and baseball hat bearing their logo with his black shirt and trousers.  The 35-year-old, who produced Beyonce's Single Ladies, told MTV News that he's 'involved in every part of the process' of her upcoming fifth studio album.         Art lover: The Dreamgirls starlet took time on Sunday afternoon to explore the Art Basel fair with her gal pal and mother Tina Knowles, posting the resulting pictures on her official Tumblr page               Just like sisters: Beyonce and Kelly playfully took turns posing next to the same curved shell-covered installation        New music: The gorgeous 31-year-old will soon release singles off her upcoming fifth studio albumHit-Boy, Kanye West, and Ryan Tedder have all been attached and rumour has it Justin Timberlake will also be involved.       Museum-goer: Beyonce brought along her own camera to the art fair and wore an ultra-cute floral romper  'She took the summer to start recording, and now she's in a place where she's ready to start gearing up to reveal her plan,' The Dream revealed.'I'm sure there will probably be a couple records you hear before the Super Bowl gets here.'  The Love On Top singer, who reportedly signed a $50 million deal with Pepsi, is scheduled to return to the stage for the SuperBowl in February.  A series of limited edition cans in March will feature the star's face as part of the soft drink's Live for Now campaign. According to People magazine, the same group of friends were at SLS Hotel South Beach on Friday night where Kelly partied alongside Diddy and Pharell Williams during a private dinner celebrating Rico Love's 30th birthday.  The Dreamgirls starlet took time on Sunday afternoon to explore the art fair with her gal pal and mother Tina Knowles, posting the resulting pictures on her official Tumblr page.  Beyonce and Kelly playfully took turns posing next to the same curved shell-covered installation.  Perhaps feeling nostalgic this week, Rowland wrote a post on her website remembering when Destiny's Child - then a four-girl group - performed Upside Down at the VH1 Divas 2000 tribute to Diana Ross.  The Golden Globe nominee also provided her award-winning voice for the animated feature, Epic, not unlike the 1998 film Honey, I Shrunk the Kids.   The adventure-comedy, which comes out next May, also stars Amanda Seyfried, Josh Hutcherson, Colin Farrell, and Christoph Waltz.       Nostalgic: This week, Rowland wrote a post on her website remembering when Destiny's Child - then a four-girl group - performed Upside Down at the VH1 Divas 2000 tribute to Diana Ross     
