Tragedy as high school cheerleading captain, 15, dies after being kicked in the head by her father's horse
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3176079/Teen-dies-kicked-head-fathers-horse.html
 14:12 BST, 27 July 2015 
         Tragic accident: Destiny Stafford, 15, died early Monday morning - three days after getting kicked in the head by her father's horse A 15-year-old North Carolina girl has died after being kicked in the head by her father's horse over the weekend.Officials with Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte told local news outlets that Destiny Stafford died early Monday from the injuries suffered in the Saturday accident.Friends said the girl was riding her father's house at her aunt's home in Gastonia on Saturday when she was thrown from the horse, which proceeded to kick her in the head when she tried to get up.Destiny was reportedly labeled brain dead at 1:17am Monday morning, at which point her family decided to take her off life support and donate her organs 'to let her give someone else life'.'We know the God still answers prayers because thousands are praying somewhere else for their child to get her organs and they are receiving them,' her mother wrote online. 'She would love this and we don't want anyone else to ever feel this pain.'Her injuries were so bad that she had to be airlifted to Levine Children's Hospital in Charlotte where she was put on life support.Hundreds of students at Stuart Cramer High School gathered for a prayer vigil Sunday after they learned she had been critically injured.          Moving: Hundreds fathered on Sunday for a vigil at Stuart Cramer High School, where Destiny was a rising 10th grader          All-American: Destiny went brain dead early Sunday morning, at which point her parents decided to take her off life support. She was a co-captain of the junior varsity cheerleading squad in high school          Incredible loss: Destiny pictured far left with her mother, step-father and step-brothers in this family photo Destiny was a rising 10th grader at the school, where she was a co-captain of the junior varsity cheerleading squad.Audrey Devine, the principal of the school, had these kind words to stay at the vigil on Sunday.'Our hearts are heavy as we want our sweet Destiny to recover and return to our storm family,' Devine said. 'The power is in prayer. Our sweet Destiny needs us to be on our knees every day.'   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       'She is finally at peace with her mother': Bobbi Kristina...    Two brothers drown in their backyard while playing in zipped...    

Share this article
Share

 Friends, family and teammates remembered Destiny as a happy and outgoing girl who had a bright future ahead of her.'I first met her at cheer tryouts,' Desera Rajnes, Destiny's co-captain, told the Charlotte Observer on Sunday. 'She made me feel at home right away. I’d always go over to her house to make our posters.'Ashley Cloninger, teacher at Stuart Cramer and a family friend, told WBTV that Destiny was a 'precious girl, full of life and love. Always smiling loved to cheer and ride horses.' 
