'I can double it': Trump threatens even MORE tariffs on China ahead of working dinner with Xi Jinping as he shrugs off rival power's rising influence
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-6447611/Trump-hints-progress-China-trade-war-ahead-working-dinner-Xi-Jinping.html
 18:39 BST, 30 November 2018 
President Donald Trump is willing to double and even quadruple tariffs on China, he revealed on Friday as he shrugged off the economic competitor's enhanced global influence.Trump told Voice of America in an interview on the margins of the G20 summit that he doesn't want to bear down on China further, but he will, in order to reign in the country that has expanded it footprint to Latin America.'I think they’re going to have less money than they have right now,' he said of the $250 billion in tariffs he's already slapped on Beijing. 'We’re going to be taking in billions and billions of dollars, plus I can double that up, and then I can double it again.' The U.S. president suggested he was feeling optimistic about a trade deal with China heading into his dinner with Xi Jinping when he spoke to reporters hours before the interview with VOA on the first day of the two-day conference for international leaders.          President Donald Trump says he is optimistic about a trade deal with China heading into his dinner with Xi Jinping         The leaders of the world's two largest economies will dine together on Saturday evening before Trump departs Argentina for the United States. They are seen here during a family photo of on Friday at the G20 summit'We’re working very hard. If we can make a deal that’d be good. I think they want to, and I think we’d like to,' he told reporters during a meeting with Japan's Shinzo Abe. 'There’s some good signs. We’ll see what happens.'Trump and Xi, the leaders of the world's two largest economies will dine together on Saturday evening before Trump departs Argentina for the United States. U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer told Fox Business on Friday morning, 'I would be very surprised if the dinner wasn’t a success… I absolutely feel there will be positive feeling at the end of the dinner.' Trump said as he was leaving the White House on Thursday for Buenos Aires that he's 'open' to an agreement with China, but he'd be content with the 'deal' that's already in place between the nations, in an apparent reference to the $250 billion in tariffs he's slapped on the rival power since June. Comments from U.S. officials on Friday suggested new optimism for a deal just as a state-run newspaper in Beijing said economic cooperation would only be possible if America is fair in its approach.'Beijing wants a deal, just as Washington does. And it is willing to cooperate with Washington in dealing with concerns about trade if they are fair-minded,' China Daily said. 'Should there be any other aspirations, such as taking advantage of the trade spat to throttle Chinese growth, then an agreement is unlikely to be reached.'National Economic Council Director Larry Kudlow had warned this week that 'certain conditions have to be met with respect to fairness and reciprocities' in order for an a detente to be reached.'The president said, there is a good possibility that we can make a deal,' Kudlow told White House reporters said at a televised briefing on Tuesday outlining the goals of the United States at the G20. 'But on the other hand, if these conditions I mentioned a few moments ago are not met and not dealt with — you know, the president said, look, he’s perfectly happy to stand on his tariff policies.'Tariffs on China that stand at 10 percent, or $200 billion, are scheduled to go up to 25 percent without a deal, bring the total amount to $500 billion.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Jared Kushner says Trump has a 'genuine respect and care'...    Blood brothers: Putin and Saudi Crown Prince - who have both...    

Share this article
Share

          Comments from U.S. officials on Friday suggested new optimism for a deal just as a state-run newspaper in Beijing said economic cooperation would only be possible if America is fair in its approach. The two leaders are seen here a year ago in Beijing'If need be — if things don’t work out in this U.S.-China summit meeting — he will invoke another 267-some-odd billion dollars in tariffs,' Kudlow warned. 'That may not be the first choice. I’m just saying that is his view if we can’t get something done.'The top adviser to the president said that Trump called Xi and jump-started trade talks.   'If China will come to the table — or, in this case, the dinner table — with some new ideas and some new attitudes and some new cooperation, as the president said, there’s a good possibility they can make a deal. He’s open to it. So nothing is written in cement or stone,' he added.Trump suggested to reporters as he departed the White House on Thursday that a deal is imminent but he was waiting until after his dinner with Xi to decide whether he wants to move forward.'I think we’re very close to doing something with China, but I don’t know that I want to do it because what we have right now is billions and billions of dollars coming into the United States in the form of tariffs or taxes. So I really don’t know,' he admitted.'But I will tell you that I think China wants to make a deal. I’m open to making a deal. But, frankly, I like the deal we have right now.'Kudlow had said earlier in the week that the United States' economic position is strong amid the tariffs that pitted the two nations against each other in a trade war.  'I’m not here to critique or second-guess the Chinese economy, but most observers believe China to be in a slump, whereas the United States is in a very strong, solid position going into this summit,' the top U.S. official stated.Trump's comments on Thursday that the two nations are close to an agreement, helped to pull the Dow out of a slump and keep it trading above 25,000 points.The Dow had dropped after a report that Trump trade adviser Peter Navarro would be attending the dinner between Trump and Xi, according to CNBC. Navarro's hawkish stance on a trade deal with China earned him a public brush back from Kudlow as fighting between factions in the White House spilled into the public.Kudlow told CNBC, and other reporters shortly after, that Navarro's remarks 'were way off base' and 'not authorized by anybody' as he tried to preserve the possibility that a deal would be arrived at the G20. As journalists asked President Trump about a trade deal with China on Friday morning at the G20, he deferred to Kudlow, noting that his economic adviser and his staff had been working on the deal with the foreign power on a near-constant basis in advance of the 'big' summit with Xi on Saturday evening in Buenos Aires.       
