Last-ditch trade talks commence between the U.S. and China as Wall Street stems losses after Trump says President Xi Jinping wrote him a 'beautiful letter'
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-7008995/US-Chinese-negotiators-resume-talks-US-tariffs-loom.html
 05:22 BST, 9 May 2019 
U.S. and Chinese negotiators got together Thursday for last-ditch trade talks with the U.S. about to slap 25 per cent tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods.Financial markets tumbled early Thursday amid the standoff, but gained back some lost ground after President Trump sprinkled some optimistic comments into his impromptu comments bashing Chinese trade practices. The president said he received a 'beautiful letter' from Chinese President Xi Jinping as he said the U.S. was starting the 'paperwork' on imposing billions worth of tariffs. Chinese negotiators traveled in a motorcade from the Willard Hotel in Washington as the talks were set to begin at 5 pm Thursday.          President Donald Trump blasted China during a rally Wednesday evening in Panama City Beach, Fla.         TAKEN FOR A RIDE: Members of China's trade delegation left the Willard Hotel in Washington for trade talks before a midnight deadline for tariffs         The talks began just seven hours before a deadline for tariffs         Tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods were set to go into effect early FridayHours earlier, President Trump told reporters at the White House that, 'Things are going along pretty well there.' 'A large group delegation headed by one of the most respected men and highest officials of China will be coming in today,' starting at 5 pm, Trump said. 'We will see what they can do,' he said, before once again putting out the threat of tariffs. 'Our alternative is an excellent one. It's an alternative I've spoken about for years. We will take in will over $100 billion a year. We never took in 10 cents from China, not 10 cents. It will be, I think it will be a very strong day, frankly. But We will see. We will see. It was their idea to come back,' Trump said.         Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, right, greets Chinese Vice Premier Liu He as he arrives for trade talks between the United States and China at the Office of the United States Trade Representative in Washington, Thursday, May 9, 2019         Chinese Vice Premier Liu He, center, arrives for trade talks at the Office of the United States Trade Representative in Washington, Thursday, May 9, 2019         SHAKE ON IT: The talks began just hours before the tariff deadline         Trader Ryan Falvey works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, May 9, 2019. Stocks are opening broadly lower on Wall Street as investors kept a close eye on trade talks between the U.S. and China, then regained some lost groundTrump referenced a letter from Xi, and revealed he will be reaching out – with a midnight deadline for the new tariffs. 'He just wrote me beautiful letter, I just received it. And I will probably speak to him by phone. Look, we have two great alternatives. Our country is doing fantastically well,' Trump said. Trump said he likes President Xi 'a lot,' and called him 'a friend of mine.'Markets appeared to recover from a morning swoon after Trump said of negotiations: 'It's possible to do it, they're all here. The vice premier – one of the most respected men, one of the highest officials in China, is coming.But he added: 'We are not going to be taken advantage of any more. We won't pay China $500 billion a year. We need to put very heavy tariffs on China, as of Friday. We also put them eight months ago.         Protesters shout as Chinese Vice Premier Liu He arrives at the the Office of the United States Trade Representative for tariff negotiations in Washington DC on May 9, 2019Trump's comments came as negotiators prepared to meet amid heightening tensions and jittery markets after President Trump said China 'broke the deal' to avert tariffs, with the U.S. set to raise tariffs on Chinese imports in a dramatic escalation of tensions between the world's two biggest economies.Trump told a rally crowd in Panama City, Florida Wednesday night: 'By the way, you see the tariffs we're doing? Because they broke the deal. They broke the deal,' Trump told a crowd of supporters. 'So they're flying in. The vice premier [of China] tomorrow is flying in — good man — but they broke the deal. They can't do that, so they'll be paying.'                  Selling-off: Both the key Wall Street indices - the Dow Jones and the Nasdaq - saw steep losses Thursday ahead of the deadline on more tariffs on Chinese goodsTrump also took a fatalistic posture:  'We don't have to do business with them. We can make the products right here, like we used to,' Trump told the crowd. And he vowed: 'We won't back down until China stops cheating our workers and stealing our jobs.' The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped more than 300 points in early trading Thursday amid the trade tensions. In Beijing, Chinese officials said they will retaliate if President Donald Trump goes ahead with more tariff hikes, adding to the heated rhetoric from both sides that was shaking stock markets around the world.                'We don't have to do business with them. We can make the products right here, like we used to,' Trump told supporters        Two barges push a container ship to the dockyard in Qingdao in eastern China's Shandong province Wednesday, May 8, 2019. China's exports fell unexpectedly in April, adding to pressure on Beijing ahead of negotiations on ending a tariff war with Washington over Chinese technology ambitions. (Chinatopix Via AP)         The Dow dropped more than 300 points in early trading Thursday         In this file photo taken on March 28, 2019 China's Vice Premier Liu He (C) poses for a photo with US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin (R) and US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer (L) at Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in BeijingThe talks starting up again in Washington were thrown into disarray this week after top U.S. trade negotiator Robert Lighthizer and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin accused the Chinese of reneging on commitments they'd made earlier. In response to the alleged backsliding, the United States is raising tariffs on $200 billion in Chinese imports from 10% to 25% at 12:01 a.m. Eastern time Friday.The two countries are sparring over U.S. allegations that China steals technology and pressures American companies into handing over trade secrets, part of an aggressive campaign to turn Chinese companies into world leaders in robotics, electric cars and other advanced industries.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Trump defends his attorney general at Florida rally hours...    'There is no Republican primary': Trump campaign says the...    'Peek-a-boo, my little one': Russia mocks American spy drone...    Trump's chief of staff says Mitch McConnell's 'case closed'...    

Share this article
Share
63 shares

 The setback was unexpected. Through late last week, Trump administration officials were suggesting that negotiators were making steady progress.U.S. officials say they got an inkling of China's second thoughts about prior commitments in talks last week in Beijing, but that the backsliding became even more apparent in exchanges over the weekend. They wouldn't identify the specific issues involved.On Sunday, President Donald Trump took to Twitter to express frustration with the pace of the talks. 'The Trade Deal with China continues, but too slowly, as they attempt to renegotiate. No!' Trump tweeted, threatening to raise the tariffs. He also said he'd go further and slap 25% tariffs on another $325 billion in Chinese imports, covering everything China sells the United States.U.S. officials are insisting that any deal be strictly enforced so that China lives up to its promises - something they say Beijing has repeatedly failed to do in the past. Also unclear is what would happen to the U.S. tariffs on Chinese imports. China wants them lifted; the U.S. wants to keep tariffs as leverage to pressure the Chinese to comply with any agreement.Hours before the talks were set to resume in Washington, the Chinese government said it would retaliate if the U.S. tariff increases take effect. It did not provide details, but said it had made 'all necessary preparations,' suggesting it might be bracing for worsening conflict.'If the U.S. tariff measures are carried out, China will have to take necessary countermeasures,' said a Commerce Ministry statement. The spokesman, Gao Feng, said China has the 'determination and ability to defend its own interests.'       A container ship sails off the dockyard in Qingdao in eastern China's Shandong province Wednesday, May 8, 2019. China's exports fell unexpectedly in April, adding to pressure on Beijing ahead of negotiations on ending a tariff war with Washington over Chinese technology ambitions. (Chinatopix Via AP)       Workers labor in downtown Beijing on Thursday, May 9, 2019. The U.S. effort to win concessions from China on strategic industrial policies has put the Chinese President Xi Jinping's own prestige on the line. It also has cast into question the ruling Communist Party's social contract with the Chinese people: keeping authoritarian, one-party rule and ruling class privileges in exchange for delivering robust economic growth, better living standards and a higher global profile for China. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan)The volley of threats reignited jitters about global economic growth, prompting another round of losses on world stock markets.If tariff hikes go ahead, 'risks of a financial market collapse, extreme risk aversion, and sharp slowdown in global growth will spike,' said Philip Wee of DBS Group in a report.Germany's DAX index shed 1.2% and France's CAC 40 lost 1.5%. Hong Kong's main benchmark skidded 2.4% and the Shanghai Composite Index lost 1.5%. Tokyo's Nikkei 225 lost 0.9%. Wall Street was set to open lower.Chinese authorities already have extended retaliation beyond imports by targeting operations of American companies in China. Regulators have slowed down customs clearance for their shipments and delayed issuing licenses in finance and other industries.The Chinese government has an array of other weapons including launching tax, anti-monopoly or other investigations that can hamper company operations.Chinese leaders see industry development directed by the Communist Party as a path to prosperity and global influence. They deny their plans violate Beijing's trade commitments but have offered to change details that provoke the most foreign opposition.'China is not afraid of conflict,' said the Global Times, a newspaper published by the ruling Communist Party's People's Daily that is known for its nationalist tone. It said Beijing has measures in place to 'minimize losses' for its companies.'Mentally and materially, China is much better prepared than its U.S. counterpart,' the newspaper said.Despite such bluster, factories in Chinese coastal regions that serve the U.S. market have been devastated. Industries including electronics that the Communist Party is promoting as China's economic future have suffered declines of up to 40% in sales to the United States.That has increased pressure on President Xi Jinping, who political analysts say faces criticism within the ruling party that he has failed to manage Trump.Chinese exports to the United States plunged 13% from a year ago in April and are off 9.7% since the start of 2019. Total Chinese exports sank 2.7% in April, far weaker than forecasts for growth in low single digits. Imports of American goods, meanwhile, tumbled 26%.       
