Make-up free Nicole Murphy displays stunning physique in exotic printed bikini at the beach with her hunky business partner
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2740175/Make-free-Nicole-Murphy-displays-stunning-physique-exotic-printed-bikini-beach-hunky-business-partner.html
 01:55 BST, 2 September 2014 
Make-up free Nicole Murphy displays stunning physique in exotic printed bikini at the beach with her hunky business partner By Helen Zhao for MailOnline   Published: 01:55 BST, 2 September 2014  |  Updated: 09:36 BST, 2 September 2014    


         e-mail        13 shares     48 View  comments    Her five-year engagement to former New York Giants defensive end and TV host Michael Strahan came to a highly public end last month. But Nicole Murphy appears to be in fine company, hitting the beach with a hunky business partner in Miami on Monday.  The make-up free 46-year-old model showed off her stunning physique in an exotic bikini as she took time off from promoting her wine, Destiny Moscato. Scroll down for video         Beach babe: Nicole Murphy hit the beach in Miami on Monday, taking time off from promoting her wine, Destiny Moscato  The Hollywood Exes star was accompanied by her team’s VP of development, who showed off a chiselled and tattooed upper body in a pair of red swim trunks, and goes by ryjbates on Instagram.The duo were pictured grabbing lunch together in mid-August, during which there was speculation that they were on a date. Nicole was also joined at the beach by a female member of her wine crew by the name of Jamie Jackson.         Fine company: The Hollywood Exes star was accompanied by her wine team's VP of development, who showed off a chiselled and tattooed upper body in a pair of red swim trunks, and goes by ryjbates on Instagram On Saturday night, the trio hit up Dream nightclub in Miami, where bottles of Destiny Moscato were served. Nicole posted a collage of photos on Instagram which she captioned: ‘Thank you Dream Night Club for showing Destiny Moscato Lots of Love’The mother-of-five has been traveling with her crew quite a bit, launching in the Bahamas in early August, and then in Texas.                       Bronzed goddess: The make-up free 46-year-old model showed off her stunning physique in an exotic bikini          Heartbreak: Perhaps Nicole's business ambitions are keeping her uplifted in the aftermath of her recent highly publicized split from former New York Giants defensive end and TV host Michael Strahan  According to her product’s website, ‘It is her dream to turn Destiny into the number one brand of Moscato wine in the country.’ The beverage is described as ‘a beautiful sparkling moscato wine with a perfect blend of both sweet and citrus flavors, and an effervescence reminiscent of a fine champagne.’Perhaps Nicole’s ambitions are keeping her uplifted in the aftermath of her recent highly publicized split from Strahan.                 Out and about: She shared this snap on Monday, with the caption, 'In Miami representing my Destiny Moscato with @ryjbates @destinymoscato #destinymoscato #nicolemurphy #teamdestiny #wine'          Partying it up: Nicole shared this collage on Sunday, writing, 'Thank you Dream Night Club for showing Destiny Moscato Lots of Love'          Ambitious: According to her product's website, 'It is her dream to turn Destiny into the number one brand of Moscato wine in the country'The duo announced the ending of their five-year engagement at the beginning of August, blaming distance and their hectic work schedules. There have also been rumours of infidelity on the part of Strahan. However, Nicole and her ex were spotted enjoying lunch together a couple weeks later, sparking speculation about a reconciliation.           They would make a good looking couple! Her business partner Instagrammed this photo of the two of them on August 20        Happier days: Nicole pictured with ex-fiance Strahan in New York in March     
