The bizarre moment US judge conducted wedding for murderer she just sentenced to life in jail (she even baked them a cake - but wouldn't let him use the knife!)
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2439780/Till-death-Man-sentenced-murder-married-girlfriend-Superior-Court-Judge-bakes-couple-CAKE.html
 02:46 BST, 1 October 2013 
The bizarre moment US judge conducted wedding for murderer she just sentenced to life in jail (she even baked them a cake - but wouldn't let him use the knife!)Danne Desbrow was sentenced to 53 years to life in prison just minutes before he was marriedOne witness said the judge did not bring out the whole cake because she was leery of bringing the knife that would be used to slice pieces into the courtroomDanne Desbrow plans to appeal his murder conviction By Associated Press   Published: 02:46 BST, 1 October 2013  |  Updated: 12:50 BST, 1 October 2013    


         e-mail          40 View  comments      The bride wore white; the groom wore shackles.The marriage of Danne Desbrow and his fiancee, Destiny, came just minutes after he was sentenced to 53 years-to-life in prison for first-degree murder, U-T San Diego reported on Monday.   San Diego Superior Court Judge Patricia Cookson officiated at both events. She even baked a cake for the Sept. 17 ceremony, the newspaper said.  Cookson declined to respond to a request for comment from the newspaper.                Destiny Winters (left) married Danne Desbrow (right) just minutes after Danny was sentenced to life in prison    Desbrow was sentenced for the 2003 killing of Kevin Santos after a witness with key information came forward recently. His defense attorney argued Desbrow was defending himself in a fight.  During the two-month trial, Desbrow proposed to his girlfriend. The two met in high school but lost contact after she became pregnant at 16, according to the U-T.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Each New York City prison inmate costs $167,000 a year… the...    Pussy Riot prisoner taken to hospital on EIGHTH day of...      Amish school shooter's wife says her husband was 'getting...    

Share this article
Share

   They reunited in January after the mother tracked down Desbrow so their son could meet his father. Desbrow was in jail at the time awaiting trial.  After Desbrow proposed, Cookson agreed to marry them, according to the U-T.  Cookson sentenced Desbrow to two consecutive 25-year-to-life terms and an additional three years for threatening a witness.      A decorated photo of the courtroom wedding appeared on Destiny's facebook   After the sentencing, members of the victim's family were escorted out of the courtroom, the newspaper said. The couple's relatives were allowed to remain. The deputies locked the doors and Cookson married the couple.  The couple kissed and Cookson went back to her chambers. Moments later, she appeared with two pieces of vanilla Bundt cake on paper plates with plastic forks.According to UT San Diego, one witness said Cookson did not bring out the whole cake because she was leery of bringing the knife that would be used to slice pieces into the courtroom with Desbrow nearby.       San Diego Superior Court Judge Patricia Cookson officiated the wedding and even baked a cake for the Sept. 17 ceremony      Destiny's wedding ring is pictured left, Danne's is pictured right    The couple sat at a table in the well of the courtroom where lawyers usually sit. Destiny only had one bite of cake. Her husband finished his. 'That is something that does not happen with great regularity,' said Jan Caldwell, a spokesman for Sheriff Bill Gore, who oversees the county jail system. 'I’ve never heard of it.'However, weddings are not uncommon in jails during regular visiting hours. Couples exchange vows through the glass that separates visitors from inmates.Danne and Destiny Desbrow get married with Judge Patricia Cookson presiding.  Destiny Desbrow told the newspaper the judge baked it herself.  Danne Desbrow intends to appeal the murder conviction. He remains in county jail pending another court hearing on a separate case in October.  'Obviously, it was an unusual day from start to finish,' defense attorney Steve Cline told the U-T. 'I mean, I appreciate that she honored the request for them to marry. But, I've never seen anything like that.' 
