If Dave won't go, we will! Vladimir Putin's propaganda coup as Britain's Arctic convoy heroes take boycotted seats at Moscow parade
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3094480/If-Dave-won-t-Vladimir-Putin-s-propaganda-coup-Britain-s-Arctic-convoy-heroes-boycotted-seats-Moscow-parade.html
 22:00 BST, 23 May 2015 
As a former KGB officer, Vladimir Putin knows a thing or two about turning adversity to his advantage.So when David Cameron snubbed his Red Square 'Victory Day' commemorations, the Russian leader was determined to outsmart him with a cunning propaganda initiative.In place of the Prime Minister on the VIP podium, Putin gave pride of place to three British Arctic convoy heroes. Scroll down for video          Ernie Kennedy, Geoff Shelton and David Craig (circled) were seated immediately behind the Russian president and alongside Chinese leader Xi Jinping during the Victory Day commemorations in Moscow         The veterans served on ships in the Arctic convoys during the Second World War – braving temperatures of minus 40C and stormy seas to deliver vital supplies to their Russian alliesErnie Kennedy, Geoff Shelton and David Craig were seated immediately behind the Russian president and alongside Chinese leader Xi Jinping.The strategic positioning ensured that TV images that flashed around the world included the three Britons wearing their medals and Arctic convoy white berets.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Twitter, Facebook and Google are all warned they will be...    Ban women from WhatsApp and lock your wives up so they can't...    

Share this article
Share

          The trio were awarded the Arctic star medal for their role in the Second World War And Mr Putin's coup was complete when two of the trio criticised Mr Cameron for not attending the parade and accused the Government of behaving 'like spoilt children'.The veterans served on ships in the Arctic convoys during the Second World War – braving temperatures of minus 40C and stormy seas to deliver vital supplies to their Russian allies as they fought back the Nazi invasion on the Eastern Front.Mr Cameron, US President Barack Obama and other Western leaders decided to stay away from the Moscow parade last weekend in protest at Russia's annexation of Crimea and its military intervention in eastern Ukraine, where it supports separatist rebels.Instead, Sir Winston Churchill's grandson, Tory MP Sir Nicholas Soames, represented Britain. Mr Shelton, 89, of Edinburgh, said: 'President Putin gave us the best seats there. I think he wanted to show that we were representing the UK in Mr Cameron's absence.'Mr Cameron should have come and I feel very annoyed that he didn't. It doesn't matter what the Government thinks or what's happening in Ukraine – it is petty and callous to ignore the sacrifice that was made by the 20 million Russians who died in the war.'Mr Craig, 90, of Kilmarnock, Ayrshire, added: 'The Russians have treated us a lot better than our own Government, who have just behaved like spoilt children. 'When I watched the display of military strength, I just thought of the millions of Russians who lost their lives helping us to win the war.'Sir Nicholas insisted Mr Cameron was right not to attend but was quick to pay tribute to the veterans. He said: 'I was humbled beyond words to meet them…Churchill called their journey 'the most dangerous voyage in the world'.'The convoy veterans were awarded dedicated Arctic Star service medals only in 2013 after a long fight for recognition. Ministers had previously refused to mark their bravery because they said the conflict was too long ago. Mr Putin awarded them the Russian Ushakov medal at the same time for their courage in keeping supply lines open.        
