Pellegrini: Forget about the teams at the top, it's the boys at the bottom who could have biggest say in title race
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2592437/Manuel-Pellegrini-Forget-teams-boys-bottom-biggest-say-title-race.html
 21:20 BST, 29 March 2014 
Pellegrini: Forget about the teams at the top, it's the boys at the bottom who could have biggest say in title race By Craig Hope for MailOnline    Published: 21:20 BST, 29 March 2014  |  Updated: 21:20 BST, 29 March 2014    


         e-mail          13 View  comments    Manuel Pellegrini believes the teams at the wrong end of the Premier League could yet have a big say in the destiny of the title.Manchester City went into Saturday evening's match at Arsenal knowing they could claim top spot after leaders Chelsea were beaten 1-0 by Crystal Palace.A 1-1 draw meant they stayed in third, two points behind the Blues with two games in hand.        Plenty to go: Manuel Pellegrini says it's the teams at the bottom of the table who could have the biggest say in the title race          Stalemate: Manchester City and Arsenal played out a 1-1 draw at the Emirates  But Pellegrini says that the race for the top-flight crown is still wide open and even refuses to rule out Arsenal.'Of course (Arsenal are still in the race). In football, as long as mathematics allow you to win you have the chance to do it,' said the City boss.'They are five points behind the leader, that is not much.'The four teams (at the top) will drop points before the end of the season because there are a lot of teams in the relegation places fighting, as happened with Chelsea (at Crystal Palace).'        Dropped points: Chelsea surprisingly lost at relegation battlers Crystal Palace  City had dominated early on at the Emirates and took a 19th-minute lead through David Silva. But Mathieu Flamini's second-half strike earned a deserved point for the hosts and kept their visitors off the summit of the table.Pellegrini, though, was happy to reflect on a 'good week' which included Tuesday's 3-0 victory at Manchester United.        Dominant: Manchester City started brilliantly and probably should have scored more  'Four points against Manchester United and Arsenal away from home is a good week,' he said.'We had the chances in the first half to win the game and were a little bit unlucky.'Arsenal had a better second half but no chances to score (another) goal.        Honours even: Mathieu Flamini celebrates a deserved Arsenal equaliser  'Maybe we should have finished the game before (the second half).'But I was happy with the performance because this is a difficult place to come.'   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Arsenal 1-1 Manchester City: Flamini pops up to score...    Player ratings: Flamini stars, Silva outshines Cazorla...    MATCH REPORT: Arsenal 1-1 Manchester City - Flamini nets...    Crystal Palace 1-0 Chelsea: Terry own goal dents Blues title...      Manchester United 4-1 Aston Villa: Rooney scores timely...    

Share this article
Share

      
