Five days to save our season! Mancini desperate to strengthen struggling City squad
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2194009/Roberto-Mancini-desperate-strengthen-Manchester-City.html
 23:14 BST, 26 August 2012 
Five days to save our season! Mancini desperate to strengthen struggling City squad By Dominic King for the Daily Mail    Published: 23:14 BST, 26 August 2012  |  Updated: 23:15 BST, 26 August 2012    


              94 View  comments             Roberto Mancini has warned that Manchester City’s transfer activity in the next five days will shape the destiny of their defence of the Barclays Premier League.After a summer of frustration, the City manager – whose side came from behind twice against Liverpool on Sunday to draw 2-2 – is adamant his club must spend.A £6.2million deal for Swansea winger Scott Sinclair is in place and will be formalised by Tuesday but Mancini is determined to bring in a major name.      In the market: Roberto Mancini expects a busy final week of the window              He has been pursuing Atletico Bilbao’s Javi Martinez, Stevan Jovetic of Fiorentina and Roma midfielder Daniele De Rossi and believes City must act if they want to retain their title. ‘We need to bring players in and we have five days in which to do it,’ said Mancini, who has ruled out a move for Liverpool defender Daniel Agger, who was the subject of a £20million bid from City earlier this month. ‘We have to work hard in these four or five days. It will be a long week for us. Yes (it will decide how we perform) we have our targets and we will go for them in the next five days.’      Incoming: Winger Scott Sinclair will join City from Swansea this week Mancini was thankful City’s battling qualities came to the fore at Anfield as they needed to second half goals from Yaya Toure and Carlos Tevez to pilfer a point.The Italian, who rubbished reports that he is planning on quitting City in a year,  looked tetchy for much of the game and was embroiled in a touchline row with England midfielder James Milner, who was substituted shortly after gesturing at Mancini.Mancini said: ‘We wanted to win but we were 1-0 down and then 2-1 down and we did not deserve to lose this game because we played well. In the end, I think this was a good result.       Wanted: De Rossi     Target: Jovetic     In the market: Martinez   When asked about his altercation with Milner, Mancini added: ‘No all the players played well, including Milner, but when you are down you have to try something different.’Tevez was City’s brightest spark and he has indicated that he wants to continue at the Etihad Stadium for the foreseeable future.‘My family is here, my children are here and my wife is happy,’ Tevez, who went on strike and returned to Argentina last season, told Sky. ‘I have two years left on my contract and yes, I could stay longer.‘The new season is good for me. I have lost seven kilos, so that is good for me and the club.’     RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Liverpool 2 Manchester City 2: Mancini has a real fight on his hands to lift champions    PREMIER LEAGUE LIVE: Liverpool v Man City - all the action as it happened      Liverpool 2 Manchester City 2: How the players rated at Anfield   All the latest Manchester City news, features and opinion    

Share this article
Share

        
