Roosters tip Cronk to recover for NRL GF
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/aap/article-6196863/Roosters-tip-Cronk-recover-NRL-GF.html
 18:36 BST, 22 September 2018 
 The Sydney Roosters expect Cooper Cronk to be fit for the NRL grand final as he races the clock for his date with destiny against former club Melbourne. Cronk underwent scans on Saturday night after injuring his shoulder in the Roosters' gritty 12-4 preliminary final victory over South Sydney. The 34-year-old maestro appeared at long odds to be fit for next Sunday's season decider at ANZ Stadium after he spent the entire second half with his left arm hanging by his side. He copped a shot from Sam Burgess during the first-half before being ironed out by opposite No.7 Adam Reynolds as he took a field goal attempt on the halftime siren. Cronk looked like a sitting duck in defence as he struggled to raise his arms to tackle. At one point he was thrown the ball to take a kick for touch and could be seen telling his teammates: "I can't". However Robinson insisted he would be right as he attempts to play in his third straight grand final and win back-to-back titles. "I know you want information straight away but he'll go and get scans," Robinson said. "I'd say he'd be right to play next week though. "It wasn't even discussed (taking him from the field). To be honest I didn't even ask how he was. "Cooper knows how he is. He needed to get work done (from the medical staff) there at halftime and he was always going to go back out there. But it looked pretty sore." Souths enforcer Sam Burgess ran at Cronk on a couple of occasions while Junior Tatola whacked him with a late shot, for which the Rabbitohs were penalised. But other than that Souths failed to exploit Cronk's obvious problems. Robinson praised Cronk's teammates for getting around him and acting as a bodyguard. "You saw (Mitchell) Aubusson and the work that he did really tirelessly in and around Cooper," Robinson said. "And also Joey Manu, he made some big efforts in and around Cooper. They're a pretty tight bunch and you could see their work ethic." Cronk was forced to make just 11 tackles - and five in the second-half. South Sydney coach Anthony Seibold bristled at the suggestion his side had erred in not targeting Cronk more. "We didn't look to chase him, we looked to put him under pressure when he kicked the footy," Seibold said. "That didn't have any impact on the game. "You can spend your life targeting Cooper. I don't understand. He was still making his tackles."
