Trump to host China's President Xi Jinping at Mar-a-Lago, and both men's wives will attend, the White House officially announces
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4363482/Chinas-Xi-meet-Trump-Mar-Lago-April-6-7.html
 08:45 BST, 30 March 2017 
President Donald Trump will put his negotiating and diplomatic skills to the test when he hosts China's President Xi Jinping for a two-day summit at Mar-a-Lago, an event the White House officially announced Thursday.The high-profile summit will bring Trump face to face with a nation he frequently railed against during the campaign for ripping off the U.S. – although he repeatedly added that China's leaders were 'smart' by doing what was in their interest.Both men's wives will attend, adding to the global interest that will follow the event. Melania Trump took a more public role at the White House this week, traveling to the State Department for an awards ceremony, and attending a women's empowerment event with her husband at the White House.Xi's wife, Peng Liyuan, is a celebrity in her own right in China. She is a folk singer who has appeared regularly on Chinese television and is President of the People's Liberation Army Academy of Art.        FILE - This combination of file photos shows U.S. President Donald Trump on March 28, 2017, in Washington, left, and Chinese President Xi Jinping on Feb. 22, 2017, in Beijing. China said Thursday, March 30, 2017, Xi and Trump will meet at the latter's Florida resort on April 6-7. It will be the first in-person meeting between the two. (AP Photo/Files)Trump accused China during the campaign of devaluing its currency and dumping products into the U.S., while slamming its maritime expansion and fortification of islands in the South China Sea.‘We can’t continue to allow China to rape our country, and that's what they're' Trump said at an Indian rally. 'It's the greatest theft in the history of the world.'Trump also said: 'I like China. I understand China. I beat China all the time.' 'President Donald J. Trump will host President Xi Jinping of China at Mar-a-Lago April 6–7, 2017,' the White House said in a dry official statement.'This will be the first meeting between President Trump and President Xi. The two leaders will discuss global, regional, and bilateral issues of mutual concern. The President and the First Lady will also host President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan at a dinner on the evening of April 6,' the White House said.The leaders of the two powers will meet amid a range of pressing issues from trade, to North Korea and territorial claims in the South China Sea.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       China says "no such thing" as man-made islands in South...    U.N. looks for Trump foreign policy hints from tough-talking...    Obama 'relaxed the rules on handling NSA intercepts of...    China coal imports from North Korea surge in February      Japan ruling party urges strike ability amid N. Korea threat    

Share this article
Share
58 shares

          First lady Melania Trump will attend a dinner along with the Chinese leader and his wife, Peng Liyuan         Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife lady Peng Liyuan attend a welcoming ceremony for Madagascar President Hery Rajaonarimampianina outside the Great Hall of the People on March 27, 2017 in Beijing         Trump will host China's president at his Mar-a-Lago resort         Chinese President Xi Jinping (2nd R) and his wife Peng Liyuan (1st R) pose for a photo with Hery Rajaonarimampianina (2nd L), president of Madagascar, and his wife in Beijing, capital of China, March 27         Undated photo shows a Chinese H-6K bomber patrolling islands and reefs including Huangyan Dao in the South China SeaThe future relationship between the world's No. 1 and No. 2 economies has been uncertain following the election of Trump, who accused China during his campaign of unfair trade practices and threatened to raise import taxes on Chinese goods and declare Beijing a currency manipulator.It is unclear whether Trump will follow through with either threat. He is now seeking Beijing's help in pressuring North Korea over its nuclear weapons and missiles programs. China is the North's most important source of diplomatic support and economic assistance.In February, Trump reaffirmed Washington's long-standing "One China" policy in a call with Xi, in an apparent move to ease concerns in China that he might use Taiwan as leverage in negotiations over trade, security and other sensitive issues. The policy in place since 1979 requires Washington to maintain only unofficial ties with Taiwan, which China claims as its own territory.       Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told reporters that Xi would meet with Trump at Mar-a-Lago, without providing any more details.It is the same Florida resort where Trump hosted and played golf with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in February. Xi, a fan of soccer and other sports, is not known to play golf.Before arriving in the U.S., Xi will pay a state visit to Finland from April 4-6, Lu said.Relations between China and the U.S. under President Barack Obama were strained by issues including China's island-building in waters surrounding international shipping lanes in the South China Sea, allegations of cyber hacking and a U.S. policy rebalance to Asia.Despite that, cooperation between their militaries expanded tentatively, and China's defense ministry on Thursday hailed further growth, while warning of potential frictions ahead."We are willing to make joint efforts with the U.S. side ... so as to maintain a stable military-to-military relationship while striving to make new gains," spokesman Col. Wu Qian said.However, Wu also reiterated China's total opposition to the deployment of a sophisticated missile defense system in South Korea, known as THAAD, which Beijing says threatens its own security with its ability to monitor flights and missile launches deep inside northeastern China.       This combination of file photos shows Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, on Jan. 17, 2017, in Davos, Switzerland, and U.S. President Donald Trump on March 28, 2017, in Washington. China said Thursday, March 30, 2017, Xi and Trump will meet at the latter's Florida resort on April 6-7. It will be the first in-person meeting between the two. (AP Photo/Files)"The deployment of the THAAD system will definitely not make (South Korea) any safer. And secondly, the Chinese military's opposition to the THAAD system will definitely not be confined to just words," Wu said.Asked what specific measures the People's Liberation Army was willing to take, Wu replied: "You will know when the time comes."One bright spot touted by both sides under Obama was their cooperation, as the world's top emitters of greenhouse gases, on tackling climate change. Lu said Wednesday that China would stick to its climate commitments after Trump, who has called climate change a hoax, this week rescinded measures enacted by Obama to reduce coal and oil use.
