Anticipation builds at Wimbledon ahead of Murray's date with destiny
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/tennis/article-2170455/Andy-Murray-Wimbledon-final-Roger-Federer.html
 11:13 BST, 8 July 2012 
Anticipation builds at Wimbledon ahead of Murray's date with destiny By Sportsmail Reporter   Published: 11:13 BST, 8 July 2012  |  Updated: 14:42 BST, 8 July 2012    


         e-mail          43 View  comments    Andy Murray bids to become the first British winner of the men's singles title at Wimbledon since 1936 when he takes on Roger Federer on Centre Court on Sunday.And it seems Murray Mania has affected everyone from celebrities and sports stars to the Royal family and the wider public.      Britain's second favourite sportsman: David Beckham, serving a suspension from his club LA Galaxy, was in the royal box with his wife Victoria, while the Duchess of Cambridge brought her sister Pippa along               Voting with their feet: Politicians including Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond, London Mayor Boris Johnson and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg As the Scot began his final preparations ahead of his date with destiny on Sunday afternoon, the heavens opened at SW19. By the time the match started the clouds had cleared at the roof was off.The early deluge didn't stop fans camping and queuing overnight for the chance to watch what their hero on Murray Mound.                Ready: Andy Murray (right) is preparing to face Roger Federer in the Wimbledon final               Date with destiny: fans queue to watch the match Queues began to build on Friday and officials have warned it will be hours before those towards the back would be able to enter the grounds. They advised those making late plans to attend to stay away.A message on the official Wimbledon Twitter page, sent before the gates opened at 10.30am, said: 'AELTC strongly advise people intending to queue, not to travel to Wimbledon.'     Dedication: Tennis fans queue at Wimbledon ahead of Andy Murray's final against Roger Federer        Here for the duration: The wind and rain didn't put off the fans as they hoped to witness history being made David Beckham, the Duchess of Cambridge and political leaders from north and south of the border were all heading to Wimbledon.Former England captain Beckham is suspended for LA Galaxy's Major League Soccer match against Chicago Fire on Sunday night, freeing him up to travel to London for Murray's big match against Roger Federer. Wife Victoria was due to arrive with Beckham.They were named as guests in the Royal Box, along with Prime Minister David Cameron and First Minister Alex Salmond, deputy PM Nick Clegg and London Mayor Boris Johnson.      Sea of red, white and blue: The poor conditions is not dampening the fans' spirits      On the verge: Murray has battled past some tough players to reach his maiden Wimbledon final    Scottish 25-year-old Murray will also be backed by a royal party. Prince William can't attend due to an existing engagement, but his wife Kate will be accompanied by her sister Pippa Middleton, with the Duke of Kent also in attendance.Other sporting names joining Beckham in the Royal Box were tennis great Rod Laver and British Olympic rowing hero Sir Steve Redgrave, with sports minister Hugh Robertson also expected.      Advantage Murray: The Scot has a winning record over Federer but has lost two Grand Slam finals to the Swiss Several heavy downpours arrived, but in a lighter shower Murray was able to practice with British youngster Oli Golding.He limbered up with Golding for half an hour before going through a session of hitting service returns, watched by a small crowd of reporters and photographers. Once Murray finished, he signed several autographs for waiting fans.The court cover tarpaulin was removed from Centre Court, with the roof remaining closed.                 RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       The young pretender has Federer rattled: Record books prove...    You've Scot what it takes! Fergie backs Murray to be crowned...    Over to you Andy! Marray sets an example with nail-biting...    John Lloyd: Federer is an awesome player, but I believe we...    

Share this article
Share

        
