Nurse jailed for 10 years for killing patient with overdose of painkillers
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1280228/Nurse-jailed-10-years-killing-patient-overdose-painkillers.html
 19:07 BST, 21 May 2010 
Nurse jailed for 10 years for killing patient with overdose of painkillers By Daily Mail Reporter   Updated: 19:07 BST, 21 May 2010    


              15 View  comments        Jailed: Rachel Baker was sentenced to 10 years in prisonA former care home manager who stole drugs from residents to feed her addiction wept yesterday as she was jailed for killing an elderly patient. Rachel Baker gave 97-year-old Lucy Cox lethal doses of a drug she had not been prescribed because of a twisted desire to control her 'terminal destiny'. The 44-year-old registered nurse also stole around 8,000 doses of medication to feed her addiction to prescription drugs. She doctored medical records to hide the thefts from the authorities. Baker was found guilty of the manslaughter of Mrs Cox in January after a jury agreed she had substituted the pensioner's diamorphine with a fatal dose of Tramadol. She was cleared of the manslaughter of another patient, Frances Hay, 85. Baker, from Glastonbury, Somerset, also pleaded guilty to ten counts of possessing class A and C drugs, and one of perverting the course of justice by doctoring records. Sentencing her to ten years in jail yesterday, Mr Justice Royce said Baker had been guilty of a 'gross and appalling breach of trust'. 'For a nurse who was entrusted with Lucy Cox's care, knowing she was not prescribed these drugs, it was a terrible thing to do,' he added. 'She may have been in the winter of her days, but her long life should not have ended in this way. 'It is clear you were trying to run a care home while in the vice-like grip of prescription drugs.  It is against that background that you lived a life of lies, forgery and deceit.       Barker worked at Parkfields Residential Care Home, in Butleigh, Somerset'You lied regularly to doctors, pharmacists, nurses and carers, who all trusted you. It was all part of a desperate attempt to continue to function while trying to put out of your mind what, in reality, was happening.'  Bristol Crown Court heard how Baker, a mother of one, became addicted to painkillers in 1999 after she began suffering migraines.  By 2006, she had started stealingprescriptions from patients including diamorphine, a heroin derivative, and diazepam.  She was arrested in January 2007 in connection with seven suspicious deaths at the Parkfields Residential Care Home, in Butleigh, Somerset.  In June of that year, the bodies of Marion Alder, 79, Nellie 'Mary' Pickford, 89, and 81-year-old Fred Green, who had all died at the home, were exhumed.  In all, Baker was questioned over the deaths of 12 residents.  However, charges were only brought in relation to the deaths of Mrs Hay and Mrs Cox.  Mitigating, Richard Smith said Baker had suffered the 'shame' of what she had done and that she had had 'seriously good qualities' prior to her drug abuse.  Baker was given ten years for manslaughter, 18 months for possession of class A drugs and six months for possession of class B and C drugs.  She was also sentenced to nine months for perverting the course of justice.  All the jail terms are to run concurrently.  Her husband Leigh, who has been told he will not be charged with perverting the course of justice, did not attend the hearing. 
