Remind you of anyone? Halfpenny drops into that same Sydney stadium to recreate his own Jonny moment 10 years on as the Lions prepare to roar
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/rugbyunion/article-2356620/British-Irish-Lions-2013-Leigh-Halfpenny-prepares-final-Test-kicking-practice.html
 06:53 BST, 5 July 2013 
Remind you of anyone? Halfpenny drops into that same Sydney stadium to recreate his own Jonny moment 10 years on as the Lions prepare to roar By Duncan Bech, Press Association   Published: 06:53 BST, 5 July 2013  |  Updated: 18:43 BST, 5 July 2013    


         e-mail          27 View  comments    The British and Irish Lions are preparing for their date with destiny as they get ready for the deciding Test with Australia.  Leigh Halfpenny, Jonny Sexton and Owen Farrell took time away from the rest of the Lions squad to practice their kicking at Sydney’s ANZ Stadium - the same stadium where Jonny Wilkinson drop kicked England to World Cup glory a decade ago.Warren Gatland has made a string of changes to the starting XV as the Lions go in search of their first series win since 1997.      Kicking game: Owen Farrell, Jonathan Sexton, assistant coach Neil Jenkins (who could give it a boot himself) and Leigh Halfpenny at the ANZ Stadium       Practice makes perfect: Leigh Halfpenny lines up a kick at the ANZ Stadium                                         Assistant coach Graham Rowntree outlined what will be required to topple the Wallabies, who enter what is expected to be another epic struggle as marginal favourites.‘Seeing how we’ve trained all week, crikey we’re ready for this battle,’ Rowntree said.‘We saw the reaction from Australia after they beat us last weekend - their captain James Horwill was crying.‘They threw everything at us and beat us by a point. We didn’t get our game going and we know that.‘There’s loads more to come from us and the guys are desperate to win. This is grand final rugby, the last throw of the dice with everything to play for. ‘There’s one huge performance left in us. These players are desperate for tomorrow.       Just dropping by: Halfpenny during the kicking session at the ANZ Stadium                  One drop from glory: Halfpenny practices his drop kicking in the stadium where Jonny Wilkinson won the World Cup for England back in 2003        Mr right: Wilkinson kicks a drop goal with his right (and wrong) foot to win the 2003 Rugby World Cup final ‘We have to go out and give it everything. This is the biggest game of our lives, as players and coaches.‘A lot of us have been involved in grand final games, but this is the biggest one for us.’The Lions face an Australia team containing 110-Test veteran George Smith, who returns for his first international since 2009 in place of Michael Hooper.The 32-year-old openside, the only surviving Wallaby from the 2001 series, has been in outstanding form for the Brumbies and only missed the first two Tests due to a knee injury six weeks ago.‘I’m surprised by his selection. He’s been out for a long time and it will be interesting to see his match fitness,’ Rowntree said.      This is it: Jamie Roberts passes the ball during the team captain's run in Sydney ahead of the final Test      Big moment: Alun-Wyn Jones prepares to captain the Lions in the third and final Test         All smiles: Mike Phillips, Owen Farrell and Roberts engage in warm up exercises during training           Now or never: Lions coach Graham Rowntree says the tourists must leave nothing on the field   ‘They’ve got three good sevens in that squad and from what we’ve seen of him in the Super 15 is that he makes good decisions.‘He’s still very good technically and makes good decisions on when to go into the breakdown. It will be a big challenge for Sean O’Brien.‘I’m hoping his selection is a reflection of what we brought to the breakdown.'The Lions arrived in Sydney yesterday having spent four nights at Sunshine Coast holiday resort Noosa where they recharged mentally and physically before the final battle to come.‘We’ve refreshed ourselves for a couple of days, it was important to switch off after last week,' Rowntree said.‘We’ve restocked the team and made some changes. We want this game tomorrow and the word I’d use is desperate. We really want this game.’       Keeping calm: Manu Tuilagi trains in Sydney ahead of the third and final Test           Ready to go: Rowntree says this is the biggest game of all of the Lions' lives       Backing the boys: The Lions fans unveil a giant shirt at Dawes Point in Sydney    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       EXCLUSIVE: Woodward v Jones on Lions series decider: Sexton...    Sir Clive Live: Woodward answers your Lions questions......    It's do-or-die for me, admits Davies after being handed the...    Steal in 2001 decider was just lucky, says giant lock...    

Share this article
Share

    
