Southampton 2 Chelsea 1: Blues' top-four hopes dealt major blow as Saints stun Benitez's boys on south coast 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2301479/Southampton-2-Chelsea-1--match-report-Rafa-Benitezs-undone-Jay-Rodriguez-Rickie-Lambert-goals-despite-John-Terry-header.html
 16:54 BST, 30 March 2013 
Southampton 2 Chelsea 1: Blues' top-four hopes dealt major blow as Saints stun Benitez's boys on south coast  By Malcolm Folley   Published: 16:54 BST, 30 March 2013  |  Updated: 00:25 BST, 31 March 2013    


         e-mail          179 View  comments    Even though Rafa Benitez gambled on a grand scale - and lost - by picking a strangely unfamiliar team, Southampton were masters of their own destiny at St Mary's.   Victory over Chelsea, following home wins against Manchester City and Liverpool since February, propelled the Saints closer to preserving their Premier League status.  There is a prevailing mood of optimism on the south coast for the scrap ahead, beginning next Saturday away to a Reading side managed by their old boss Nigel Adkins.        Dejection: Chelsea's top-four hopes suffered a major blow as they were beaten 2-1 on the south coast       Interim: Rafa Benitez's side were beaten 2-1 by Southampton on Saturday    MATCH FACTS  Southampton: Boruc (Kelvin Davis 46), Clyne, Yoshida, Hooiveld, Shaw, Puncheon (Ward-Prowse 62), Schneiderlin, Cork, Steven Davis (Fox 85), Rodriguez, Lambert. Subs not used: Fonte, Ramirez, Forren, Do Prado.Goals: Rodriguez 23, Lambert 35.Booked: Lambert, Schneiderlin.Chelsea: Cech, Azpilicueta, Ivanovic, Terry, Bertrand, Mikel (Ramires 71), Lampard, Moses, Oscar (Benayoun 76), Marin (Hazard 60), Torres. Subs not used: Turnbull, Cole, Luiz, Ba. Goals: Terry 33.Booked: Torres. Att: 31,779. Referee: Jon Moss (W Yorkshire). Latest Premier League results, fixtures and tableChelsea face a mammoth fight to qualify for the Champions League. But Benitez made his intentions clear, with his selection, that the FA Cup quarter-final replay against Manchester United tomorrow took precedence over this game.   He did not so much rotate his squad as spin it with the ferocity of a circus ride. On the bench, he deposited the extravagant talents of Eden Hazard, David Luiz, Ashley Cole, Ramires and Demba Ba. In addition, Juan Mata and Gary Cahill were declared unfit to be considered.   It is a safe bet to assume all will play against United on Monday, when Chelsea face Sir Alex Ferguson's team at Stamford Bridge for the right to meet Manchester City in a Wembley semi-final on April 14.   'We still have one game in hand, and we have to carry on and concentrate, move on and start thinking about Monday,' said Benitez. 'We had to manage the squad. We didn't have many options in some positions so we had the players we had to use.'       Beaten: Goals from Jay Rodriguez and Rickie Lambert (below) left Chelsea's top-four hopes in the balance         THE MAN IN THE MASKChelsea striker Fernando Torres was back in action on Saturday, and he was sporting a new piece of equipment.  The £50million man broke his nose in a Europa League tie against Steaua Bucharest and, as a result, stepped out at St Mary's in a mask. Sadly his radar was off target once again and, with April almost upon us, the Spaniard is STILL yet to score a league goal in 2013.                He added: 'You have to approach every game like it is the most important, and we thought with these players we would be fine.'In a chaotically crowded calendar, Benitez also has to contend with home fixtures against Rubin Kazan in a Europa League quarter-final first leg on Thursday and Sunderland a week today. His target, in his final couple of months managing the club, is to deliver silverware into the arms of Roman Abramovich as well as assuring Chelsea a place in the Champions League next season. How easy it is to forget that Chelsea are the reigning champions of Europe. Unsurprisingly, they played like strangers; and how effectively Southampton capitalised. Feeding on the confidence established from beating Liverpool 3-1 in their last game, manager Mauricio Pochettino must have been delighted with the industry and sharp interchanges between Steven Davis, Jack Cork and Jason Puncheon.  Pochettino, who has now won three, drawn three and lost three games since replacing Adkins in January, said: 'Victories like today prove we are on the right path. 'It is very important for the confidence of my players and especially the people surrounding our club - the technical staff.'  Indeed, Puncheon made dramatic, unchecked progress deep into Chelsea territory in the 12th minute, only to be thwarted by the alert goalkeeping of Petr Cech.         Back on level terms: John Terry headed home from a corner to equalise for Chelsea        Moments later, Nathaniel Clyne breached Chelsea's left with embarrassing ease but his short-range cross was deflected by Branislav Ivanovic.    Chelsea's central defender then raced out to block Rickie Lambert's shot. Deservedly, Southampton's supremacy was rewarded in the 23rd minute.           Captain's goal: Chelsea players celebrate their equaliser with skipper Terry Jay Rodriguez received an exquisite return pass from Davis on the edge of the area and beat Cech with a piece of composed finishing.   Yet Southampton underlined one of football's oldest maxims: a team are at their most vulnerable when they have just scored.         Sublime: Lambert's beautiful free-kick sailed into the top corner past Petr Cech        When central defender Maya Yoshida played an air shot in the last third of the pitch, Fernando Torres thought he had equalised but was correctly judged to have nudged the ball with his arm. But in the 33rd minute John Terry provided Chelsea with a goal that stood.       Helpless: Cech couldn't reach Lambert's free kick despite a despairing dive         From a corner by Marko Marin, Terry created space for himself and scored with a header. Southampton responded admirably.   After Davis was fouled 25 yards from Cech's goal, Lambert placed the ball and took aim. With great precision, he curled it over Torres, on the right of the wall, to celebrate signing a new contract with a sweet free-kick.          Response: Lambert scored just two minutes after Terry's equaliser at St Mary's          At half-time, Kelvin Davis replaced Artur Boruc in Southampton's goal and he athletically touched Victor Moses's deflected shot over his bar. Benitez then sent for the cavalry, in the shape of Hazard, Ramires and Yossi Benayoun, but to no avail.      No rest: Benitez must now prepare his side for an FA Cup tie against Manchester United on Monday        Fortress: Mauricio Pochettino's men have beaten Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea at St Mary's PREMIER LEAGUE TABLE - AS IT STANDS                               RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       LIVE: Southampton v Chelsea: The best of the action from St...    Mission impossible! Benitez admits Chelsea will struggle to...    Chelsea have ruined the striker who once tormented me, says...   Latest Premier League results, fixtures and table     All the latest Chelsea news, features and opinion   All the latest Southampton news, features and opinion    

Share this article
Share

        
