Trump could make a stop in Beijing to seal a trade deal with Xi Jinping after his North Korean nuclear summit - although one 'is not planned at this time' and a March 1 deadline remains
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-6675801/Trump-stop-Beijing-seal-trade-deal-Xi-ahead-March-1-deadline.html
 21:42 BST, 6 February 2019 
President Donald Trump could tack on a trip to China to his Vietnam visit to shake on a trade deal with Chinese leader Xi Jinping, although the U.S. says a meeting is not currently planned.Trump said last week when a Chinese delegation visited Washington that it could take him sitting down with Xi in person for an accord to emerge. He announced a trip to the region on Tuesday to meet with North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un.Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin told reporters Wednesday that a meeting with Xi 'is not planned at this time' in Beijing during the Asia swing. He did not rule one out, though.And he told DailyMail.com in response to a question about a visit to China and a March 1 deadline for a deal: 'If there are remaining issues that we can't get closed, I think President Trump expects that he's going to sit down with President Xi and address those issues.'       President Donald Trump could tack on a trip to China to his Vietnam visit to shake on a trade deal with Chinese leader Xi Jinping, although the U.S. says a meeting is not currently planned Mnuchin announced in a CNBC interview prior to the brief question and answer session with reporters at the White House that he and a U.S. delegation would be heading back to China next week.   'We are committed to continuing these talks. We are putting in an enormous amount of effort to try to hit this deadline and get a deal. So that's our objective,' Mnuchin said.The Trump administration official said he is seeking a 'comprehensive agreement on a large range of issues' included forced technological transfers and free and fair trade.    'These are very complicated issues. We're making progress but there's a lot of work to do. Ambassador Lighthizer and I are heading to Beijing next week with a large team, and we're looking forward to continuing to make more progress,' he told reporters at the White House later.President Trump has circled March 1 on the calendar as the date he will impose billions of dollars in new penalties on China, if an agreement has not been reached.'We are now making it clear to China that after years of targeting our industries, and stealing our intellectual property, the theft of American jobs and wealth has come to an end,' he said Tuesday in his State of the Union address. 'Therefore, we recently imposed tariffs on $250 billion of Chinese goods — and now our treasury is receiving billions of dollars a month from — but I don’t blame China for taking advantage of us. I blame our leaders and representatives for allowing this travesty to happen.'Complimenting his counterpart in Beijing, he explained, 'I have great respect for President Xi, and we are now working on a new trade deal with China. 'But it must include real, structural change to end unfair trade practices, reduce our chronic trade deficit, and protect American jobs.'    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Top White House economist says 'negative effects' of the...    China's Xi says trade talks are at a 'critically important...    

Share this article
Share

            A Chinese delegation is in Washington this week to discuss the broad strokes of an agreement to end the trade war the two countries have fighting for nearly a year           Trump laid out the perimeters of a deal with China before a meeting with the vice premier on Thursday afternoon       In his speech to Congress, the president confirmed that he'd traveling to Asia the last two days of this month to hold a second nuclear summit with Kim.His affirmation that he's going to Asia, immediately sparked speculation that he'll also be making a stop in Beijing.President Trump thoroughly enjoyed a red carpet ceremony that Xi threw for him during a 2017 visit to the country. And he suggested last week that he plans to go back.  Trump said he looks forward to meeting with Xi at least once before a trade deal closes, and he believes the fine points of an agreement with China will ultimately be negotiated directly between himself and the foreign leader. 'We have a thing called the telephone and other means of talking. So I know you're spending a lot of time, and it's moving along well,' he noted.At the White House, talking to DailyMail.com and other reporters, Mnuchin suggested that a conversation between Trump and Xi, in person, would be dependent on the headway negotiators make during next weeks staff-level trip to Beijing.'I can tell you there's nothing planned at this time for it, but the president has talked about potentially meeting with President Xi and we'll see what progress we make next week,' Mnuchin said. 'I can tell you one thing about this president. He works very hard. Wherever he is he calls me, so we're not worried about where he is at the end of the month.'Asked by DailyMail.com if Trump could push the March 1 deadline by a few days so he can appeal to Xi in person after his Kim summit, on Feb. 27 and 28 somewhere in Vietnam, Mnuchin said: 'I'm not going to comment on what he will or won't do. Right now the intent is that we meet this deadline.'As you know the president is involved in a very detailed way in these negotiations. Ambassador Lighthizer, myself and the economic team update the president at least weekly, in many cases daily. He's involved in these issues. 'And if there are remaining issues that we can't get closed, I think President Trump expects that he's going to si tdown with president xi and address those issues,' Mnuchin added. 
