China has built alliance with Jared Kushner ahead of Mar-a-Lago summit - and has already drafted joint statement by Trump and Xi Jinping
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4377202/China-built-alliance-Kushner-ahead-summit.html
 00:38 BST, 4 April 2017 
President Donald Trump's two-day trip to Mar-a-Lago to meet Chinese President Xi Jinping has Jared Kushner's fingerprints all over it, the New York Times wrote.The Chinese ambassador to the U.S., Cui Tiankai has been courting Kushner, who continues to take on a bigger and bigger portfolio at the White House, and together the two decided for the leaders to meet at Trump's 'Winter White House' at the end of this week. The ambassador even sent a prepared joint statement to Kushner, which China and the US could issue afterward, the Times reported. Scroll down for video                Behind the scenes, this week's Mar-a-Lago summit was planned by Chinese Amb. Cui Tiankai (left) and President Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner (right)          Jared Kushner (left) has taken on a variety of roles at his father-in-law Donald Trump's (right) White House - including planning this weekend's meetings with the Chinese president at Mar-a-Lago With Trump's State Department on the budgetary chopping block and his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson a newer face in the Trump universe, the Chinese have opted to carry out business with Trump's family instead. The Times suggest that part of this is the Chinese comfort for dynasties.Xi is what's called a 'princeling,' as his father was a prominent figure in the Communist revolution before being forced out by Mao Zedong. Kushner, married to Trump's eldest daughter Ivanka Trump, who also has a White House job, fits into the 'princeling' mold as well.Today at the White House, with Kushner on a government mission to Iraq, Press Secretary Sean Spicer defended Trump's son-in-law's expanding role.  CBS correspondent Margaret Brennan said, 'It's our understanding that Mr. Kushner is involved with Mexico, he's involved with Saudi Arabia, that he's involved with Canada, that he's involved with a number of issues.' 'China in particular,' Brennan added. Spicer cast this as a good thing for the administration. 'There's a lot of relationships that Jared has made over time with different leaders,' Spicer replied. 'Mexico being one of them you mentioned. They are going to continue to have conversations with him. That doesn't mean by any means that it's being done without coordination with the State Department.'  Brennan replied that Kushner has a direct line to the president 'whereas the other institutions do no.' 'OK, great,' Spicer said. 'That's even better then. I think that's a win for our government.'   Kushner dipped his toe into the US-China relations in February, when he and Cui got Trump and Xi on the phone together.During the transition, Trump had flirted with Taiwan, accepting a phone call from Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen. This didn't sit well with China, who expected the US to abide by the decades-old 'One China' policy, in which only mainland China is officially recognized and not Taiwan.  While Trump suggested he may use 'One China' as a bargaining chip, in February he conceded and reiterated US support.  But now that Trump has given something to the Chinese, commitment to the important policy, he would like to see the nation, in turn, punish North Korea for the regime's ever more threatening nuclear actions.In an interview that ran Sunday in the Financial Times, Trump said he believed China could be persuaded to take a harder line against North Korea, as they could be incentivized by trade.  Though he also threatened to deal with North Korea alone and again complained about the US-China trade deficit. 'You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,' Trump said of the Chinese. He wouldn't offer much of a playbook to the Financial Times, not even telling the paper which order he planned to bring up North Korea and trade.'I'm not going to tell you,' he spat.     RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Senate set to go 'nuclear' on Trump's Supreme Court pick:...    Supreme Court showdown: McConnell says Neil Gorsuch will be...    Kill Kim before he kills us: Top-ranking defector says North...    'We are getting closer to an agreement on health care':...    

Share this article
Share

 The other foreign leader that Trump has had at his Mar-a-Lago resort was Shinzo Abe, the prime minister of Japan.Giving the Chinese leader the same treatment is noteworthy, the Times pointed out, because China isn't a US ally. Unlike Abe, however, Xi won't be playing golf, as he led a crackdown on Communist party officials playing the game. And thus the main social occasion on the docket is a Thursday night dinner between the two leaders and their wives, Melania Trump and Peng Liyuan. The Times also pointed out comparisons between this Mar-a-Lago retreat and one President Obama hosted Xi at in California's Sunnylands in 2013. Obama and Xi had already met each other before taking the trip, back when Xi was China's vice president. Xi had spent time with Obama's Vice President Joe Biden too. Some former officials told the Times that they believed the Mar-a-Lago meeting could showcase the disparity in experience between Obama, a former state senator and U.S. senator who won the White House, and Trump, who had never held elected office before January. 'Sunnylands was difficult because Xi was new, while Obama had his sea legs,' Evan Medeiros, a senior director for Asia in the Obama administration, told the Times. 'What's interesting is that the polarity here is reversed. Xi has his sea legs; Trump does not.' 
