Laura looks forward to her date with destiny
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/tennis/article-2196936/US-Open-Tennis-2012-Laura-looks-forward-date-destiny.html
 21:30 BST, 1 September 2012 
Laura looks forward to her date with destiny By Ian Stafford   Published: 21:30 BST, 1 September 2012  |  Updated: 21:30 BST, 1 September 2012    


         e-mail          View  comments    History beckons Laura Robson on Sunday as the 18-year-old Briton continues her coming of age with a fourth-round clash against defending US Open champion Sam Stosur. Robson, born in Australia but very much British, has been the surprise package of the tournament so far after defeating two former Grand Slam champions in Belgium's Kim Clijsters and then China's Li Na.       Hands full: Laura Robson preparing yesterday for her clash with title holder Sam Stosur That made her the first British woman to reach the fourth round of a major since Sam Smith in 1998 and she is now looking to make it into the quarter-finals to emulate Jo Durie's feat at Wimbledon in 1984. Nobody here believes Robson is a serious contender in the sweltering heat of New York - at least not this year - but the bookies have slashed her odds from 750-1 to 50-1, such has been the impact the 2008 junior Wimbledon champion has made.     Smash and grab: Robson gears up for Stosur If she were to beat Stosur, then Robson would become only the third player to beat three former Slam champions in succession at a major, following in the footsteps of Clijsters and Serena Williams. It is little wonder that everybody is talking about her. 'Laura is someone that a lot of people expected to do well from an early age,' said Maria Sharapova last night. 'This is definitely her breakthrough tournament, her breakthrough Grand Slam. She's been playing extremely well. 'I've practised with her a few times and also played her last year at Wimbledon and at the Olympics. She has a big game and she's also a lefty, which adds to her strength.' The beaten Li was suitably impressed. 'I couldn't do anything,' she said after losing 6-4, 6-7, 6-2. 'She has a huge first serve. If she continues to play like that then she can make the top 10 soon.' Stosur, the seventh seed despite returning to New York as defending champion, has been suitably warned about an opponent she has never faced before. 'She's obviously full of confidence and had two very good wins,' said the Australian. 'I can't go into the match lightly. I have to be on my game and ready to play some good tennis. 'Laura has nothing to lose. That's what makes it a tricky match. She's had two of the best wins of her career and she's starting to live up to some of that potential that people have talked about from when she won junior Wimbledon aged 14. She'll come out swinging and have a lot of confidence behind her.' Robson, despite having a slight cough, spent Saturday morning hitting out on the practice courts overshadowed by the Arthur Ashe Court. If she knew she was facing the biggest match of her life, then she was hiding it well. 'If people have high hopes and expectations of me then it's a real compliment as it means they think I am capable of achieving big things,' she said. 'I'm taking each match at a time but Sam's an amazing player and it will be a tough match. That said, I'm happy with how I am playing, so I hope to take this form into the next match.' Much has been expected of Robson since she made headline news by becoming junior Wimbledon champion.       Aussie rules: Defending champion Sam Stosur will be a tough nut to crack This year she has made substantial strides forward. With an Olympic silver medal under her belt after her exploits in the mixed doubles with Andy Murray, she is - at world No 88 - the youngest player in the top 100. 'It was incredibly inspiring playing at the Olympics,' she said. 'It was also good to spend more time on court with Andy. It's always a good thing because I can learn so much from him. I was pretty tired after the Games but it would have been nice to have stayed on a bit longer to soak up the atmosphere in the Olympic Park and watch the track and field.' The Murray connection has continued with the role that Murray's trainer, Jez Green, has played in her rise to worldwide respect here. 'We approached Jez to see if he could find some time to work with me over the summer,' she added. 'He has and it's been great.' Her success has kept her out of the shops in downtown Manhattan, and another win on Sunday would mean a further delay before she becomes a tourist, but Robson will not complain if it means a place in the quarter-finals and a guaranteed leap up the rankings. She only learnt on Saturday about the feat achieved by Williams and Clijsters. 'I hope to be the third,' she said. Confidence will not be a problem.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       It's sweet last 16 for Robson after inspired Brit dumps out...    Djokovic strolls into US Open third round with straight-sets...      US Open 2012: All the results from the men's and women's...    

Share this article
Share

      
