Top table! Jared and Ivanka are seated beside Chinese First Lady at Mar-A-Lago dinner after flying in with their Mandarin-speaking kids for summit
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4388676/Jared-Ivanka-seat-Mar-Lago-dinner.html
 02:10 BST, 7 April 2017 
Jared and Ivanka took their seats at the top table next to the Chinese First Lady at the presidential Mar-A-Lago dinner on Thursday.Ivanka flew into Plam Beach International Airport, Florida, with their Mandarin-speaking children earlier today ahead of the sit down with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan.Jared Kushner, who flew to Iraq as the guest of Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the U.S. military's Joint Chiefs of Staff earlier this week, returned to the US to join wife Ivanka at the dinner.          Jared and Ivanka took their seats next to the Chinese First Lady at the presidential Mar-A-Lago dinner on Thursday         China's first lady Peng Liyuan talks with Trump Senior Advisor Jared Kushner as they attend a dinner at the start of a summit between Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping          The first daughter, a presidential adviser who wore a simple navy dress for the dinner, appeared to listen in rapt attention to one the translators behind her as she chatted to her neighbor       Unfortunately for Ivanka and Jared, who were sat next to Liyuan and other Chinese delegates, their kids were not on hand at dinner to help them with their Mandarin. But that did not appear to stop the couple from chatting to the visiting guests of Donald Trump.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       The year of The Donald! President Trump greets Chinese...    North Korea to deliver 'ruthless blow' if provoked by the...    That's one less thing to worry about! Republican...    

Share this article
Share

 Jared, an unpaid adviser to the president, was seen in deep conversation with Liyuan at the dinner at Donald's Mar-a-Lago estate in West Palm Beach, Florida. Meanwhile the first daughter, a fellow presidential adviser who wore a simple navy dress for the dinner, appeared to listen in rapt attention to one the translators behind her as she chatted to her neighbor.Ivanka may have picked up a word or two while she taught her children Mandarin.          The first daughter and her husband Jared Kushner, were sat at the top table along with the Chinese president, his wife, and delegates          Ivanka and Jared were all smiles as Donald introduced himself to Chinese President Xi Jinping (R) and his wife Peng         Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with Donald Trump at the start of a summit at Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in West Palm Beach, Florida          Chinese President Xi Jinping (center) and a bored-looking President Donald Trump attend a dinner accompanied by first ladies Peng Liyuan (2nd-L) and Melania Trump (R)        Just two days earlier, the 35-year-old mother of three posted a picture on herself and Theodore playing with building blocks covered in colorful Chinese symbols, in the living room of her $5.5million Kalorama home in Washington DC. It appears to be a pretty effective teaching tool as well given the proficiency with which Ivanka's 5-year-old daughter Arabella speaks the language. Ivanka has also immersed her children in the Chinese culture, and posted a video or photo of Arabella over the past four years to mark the Chinese New Year.Arabella is quite the star in China as a result and has appeared in two videos that went viral on the country's social media platforms after being posted by her mother. including oneOne of those videos, which shows Arabella reciting Tang Dynasty poems in Mandarin while dressed in a traditional Chinese blouse, has close to 100million views.              Ivanka flew into Plam Beach International Airport, Florida, with their Mandarin-speaking children earlier today ahead of the sit down with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan          Ivanka and her family are also in Florida for the weekend. Pictured, Ivanka in a turtleneck, miniskit and sky-high heels with daughter Arabella, who is known for learning MandarinThursday's dinner kicks off a two-day summit between Donald Trump and Jinping.Donald, who shared another handshake with Xi at the table, said the two had already 'developed a friendship'.He joked: 'We’ve had a long discussion already, and so far I have gotten nothing, absolutely nothing, but we have developed a friendship - I can see that - and I think long term we are going to have a very, very great relationship and I look very much forward to it.' Both men wore dark suits, while the American first lady sported a red tea-length dress, paired with a floral print heel, while her Chinese counterpart wore an ornate blue dress with black shoes.Jared also donned a dark navy suit, matching his wife, as he took to the top table. Chief Strategist Steve Bannon was also in attendance just one day after new broke that he had been removed from the National Security Council in a move that suggested his waning influence on the president.         President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, with their wives, first lady Melania Trump (in a stunning red dress) and Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan          China's first lady Peng Liyuan, who wore a beautiful embroided, floral gown, talks with Trump Senior Advisor Jared Kushner as they attend a dinner at the start of a summit at Mar-a-Lago Trump also brought his top economic and national advisers to Florida for the meeting, including Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, although it is unclear if they were at the dinner on Thursday.Trade and North Korea were at the top of the president's agenda, he told reporters on Thursday.'We have been treated unfairly and have made terrible trade deals with China for many, many years. That's one of the things we are going to be talking about. The other thing of course is going to be North Korea,' Trump said.Trump and Xi are expected to get into more detailed discussions about trade and foreign policy issues on Friday, concluding their summit with a working lunch.Trump promised during the 2016 campaign to stop what he called the theft of American jobs by China and rebuild the country's manufacturing base. The two-day summit brings together two leaders who could not seem more different: the often stormy Trump, prone to angry tweets, and Xi, outwardly calm, measured and tightly scripted, with no known social media presence.              Melania, who was wearing a black and white v-neck dress which she accessorized with a wide leather belt, flew down to Florida with Trump          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  Harry and Meghan release stunning new photos of their wedding       Watch video  'Wake up': Madonna makes strong political statement at Eurovision       Watch video  Boris Johnson avoids questions about being Tory Prime Minster       Watch video  Theresa May avoids saying Conservatives WILL deliver Brexit           Watch video  'MPs have a stark choice': May prepares for another Brexit vote       Watch video  Police are looking for female who kidnapped child at McDonald's       Watch video  Theresa May agrees to set timetable for her departure from Downing Street       Watch video  Deformed baby cow born with one eye hailed as 'miracle of God'           Watch video  Mike Tindall says he hasn't met baby Archie yet but is 'overjoyed'       Watch video  Amber Rudd is 'not surprised' Boris Johnson wants to be PM       Watch video  Water rushes past a floodgate after it breaks at Lake Dunlap       Watch video  Remainer calls on SNP to 'accept democracy' and respect Brexit result          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-59', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
     What worries the protocol-conscious Chinese more than policy clashes is the risk that the unpredictable Trump could publicly embarrass Xi, after several foreign leaders experienced awkward moments with the new U.S. president.'Ensuring President Xi does not lose face is a top priority for China,' a Chinese official said.As such, Trump and Xi will not go golfing together at Mar-a-Lago as Trump did with the Japanese prime minister when he came to visit. For Xi, the sport is a symbol of corruption and he's banned members of the Communist Party from playing.'I think it's safe to say there's not gonna be any golf,' a White House official said of the two-day, getting-to-know you trip to Florida. 'Nothing involving golf clubs.'
