Koscielny has a 'beautiful destiny' according to France programme... but he's suspended for key clash and and public enemy No 1
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2510140/Laurent-Koscielny-hailed-France-v-Ukraine-programme-hes-suspended.html
 20:22 BST, 19 November 2013 
Koscielny has a 'beautiful destiny' according to France programme... but he's suspended for key clash and and public enemy No 1 By Rik Sharma   Published: 20:22 BST, 19 November 2013  |  Updated: 08:33 BST, 20 November 2013    


         e-mail          14 View  comments    Laurent Koscielny's 'beautiful destiny' was the subject of a feature included in the programme for the France v Ukraine play-off.Said feature praised him for 'continuing to rise with ambition and humilty' and that all seems quite reasonable, given that he's had an excellent season for Arsenal so far. However, the centre-back was public enemy No 1 in France after he gave a penalty away and was sent off during an embarassing 2-0 defeat to Ukraine in the play-off's first leg.                  'The beautiful fate of Koscielny': Arsenal's defender was hailed in the programme but is suspended      Head to head: Koscielny was sent off for scrapping with Oleksandr Kucher towards the end of the first leg      Off you go: Koscielny sees the red card while his 'victim' lies on the turf holding his face       Koscielny, of course, was suspended for the game on Tuesday night after his red card, but because of print deadlines nothing could be done about the match programme. There is not much optimism around French football at the moment, with 89.4 per cent of respondents to a poll saying that they would fail to overturn the first leg deficit. French fans carried a banner, pictured below, which infers that the players must not sell themselves short or 'give their shirts away'. History as not on their side, with no European team ever coming back from a 2-0 first leg defeat to qualify for a World Cup. But much to the surprise of the general public, France ran out 3-0 winners and won the tie 3-2 on aggregate, to qualify for the 2014 World Cup.              Unhappy: French football fans hold a banner reading 'Do not give your jersey, sell it for a high price' which is a message telling the French players not to sell themselves short      RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       French abandon hope for battered Bleus: 90% of fans lose...    Egypt 2 Ghana 1: Black Stars reach third World Cup running...      LIVE: France v Ukraine - watch the crunch World Cup play-off...    

Share this article
Share

      
