Cops seek teen who spray-painted 8ft-high prom-posal on the side of Idaho cliff
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3070736/Teen-spray-painted-prom-invite-Idaho-cliff-sought.html
 19:11 BST, 6 May 2015 
Authorities are seeking a teenager who spray-painted a 'prom-posal' on the side of an Idaho cliff.The message 'Destiny, prom?' was painted in pink and blue letters between six and eight feet high on the side of the Black Cliffs in a popular rock climbing spot, east of Boise, Idaho.'We realize prom proposals are a big deal these days but this one was just a really bad - and illegal - idea, which caused some serious aesthetic and cultural damage,' the Ada County Sheriff's Office wrote on its Facebook page on Tuesday.         Looking for a date with Destiny: A teenager spray-painted this message - 'Destiny, prom?' - on the side of the Black Cliffs in Boise, Idaho and authorities are now trying to track down the culpritClimbers in the area on Tuesday told the sheriff's office that they first saw the paint on Saturday. The sheriff's office is now looking for the culprit and are working with schools in the area to try to determine who was responsible.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       School bus driver locks the door and speeds off with the...    Fairground thrill-seekers left hanging upside-down 200 feet...    

Share this article
Share

 'There's a good chance that whoever spray-painted a prom proposal on the Black Cliffs east of Boise isn’t going to have any money for a tux, limo, or anything else,' they said.That's because the person could face a misdemeanor charge of injury by graffiti, which is punishable by up to six months in jail and a fine of $1,000.          Destructive: The 8-ft-tall prom-posal can be seen at the bottom of the cliffs at the popular climbing spot         Costly: Authorities said they do not yet know how they will remove the spray paint from the rock faceA federal charge also is possible because the U.S. Bureau of Land Management owns the area, and the culprit also would be responsible for the cost of cleanup. 'Clean up will likely be difficult and costly since it is a long hike to the top and requires scrambling over boulders,' officers wrote.No decisions have yet been made about how to clean the rocks. Facebook commenters suggested that the culprit should be given a toothbrush to scrub it off. Anyone with information is asked to call ACSO Deputy Tony Eason at 208-577-3700.         Stunning: The cliffs, part of the mountains pictured, hold significance for Native American tribes, police say
