China marks 80th anniversary of Nanjing Massacre as President Xi Jinping leads a minute's silence to mourn the 300,000 victims of the WWII bloodbath
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5174327/China-marks-Nanjing-Massacre-anniversary-Xi-low-key.html
 08:52 BST, 13 December 2017 
China today marked the 80th anniversary of the Nanjing Massacre. President Xi Jinping joined thousands of people to mourn the victims killed by Japanese soldiers during the WWII in the former capital city. President Xi kept a low profile at the state memorial ceremony and left the main public remarks to another senior Communist official, who called to work with Japan for peace.Scroll down for video          Sombre: Thousands of people participate in a state memorial ceremony at the Nanjing Massacre Memorial Hall in China today         Paying tribute: The event held on the annual national day of remembrance marked the 80th anniversary of the massacre         Showing respect: Chinese President Xi Jinping (left) and Chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference Yu Zhengsheng (right) arrive at the memorial ceremony before a minute's silence began in Nanjing, China, today   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Retired solider is killed after being fatally struck while...    Boy, 8, cheats death after being knocked down and run over...    Chinese doctor is suspended after being caught running a CT...    Baby who was born with moles all over his body and is deemed...    Worker who escaped from his blazing factory is nearly burnt...    An arachnid a day: Stomach-churning footage shows Chinese...    

Share this article
Share
76 shares

 China and Japan have long sparred over their painful history. China consistently reminds its people of the 1937 massacre, also known as 'Rape of Nanjing', in which it says Japanese troops killed 300,000 people in what was then its capital. In 2014, China formally made the anniversary a National Day of Remembrance, effectively raising the historic and political significance of the Nanjing Massacre.A postwar Allied tribunal put the death toll in the eastern city of Nanjing at 142,000, but some conservative Japanese politicians and scholars deny a massacre took place at all.Ties between China and Japan, the world's second- and third-largest economies, have been plagued by a long-running territorial dispute over a cluster of East China Sea islets and suspicion in China about efforts by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to amend Japan's pacifist constitution.However the two countries have sought to get relations back on track, and Abe and Xi met last month on the sidelines of a regional summit in Vietnam.          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  Harry and Meghan release stunning new photos of their wedding       Watch video  'Wake up': Madonna makes strong political statement at Eurovision       Watch video  Boris Johnson avoids questions about being Tory Prime Minster       Watch video  Theresa May avoids saying Conservatives WILL deliver Brexit           Watch video  Theresa May agrees to set timetable for her departure from Downing Street       Watch video  'MPs have a stark choice': May prepares for another Brexit vote       Watch video  Amber Rudd is 'not surprised' Boris Johnson wants to be PM       Watch video  Police are looking for female who kidnapped child at McDonald's           Watch video  Mike Tindall says he hasn't met baby Archie yet but is 'overjoyed'       Watch video  Deformed baby cow born with one eye hailed as 'miracle of God'       Watch video  Remainer calls on SNP to 'accept democracy' and respect Brexit result       Watch video  CCTV shows Nicholas Lowe casually leaving Arkansas jail          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-37', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
              Chinese paramilitary policemen stand guard during the state memorial ceremony at the Nanjing Massacre Memorial Hall         Beijing claims that 300,000 people were killed by the Japanese troops in Nanjing between December 1937 and January 1938         Bodies of Chinese people slaughtered by the Japanese Army lined a river bank in Nanjing, China, during the Nanjing Massacre         Chinese youths with their hands bound together were forced to get on a truck under armed escort of Japanese soldiersYu Zhengsheng, who heads a high-profile but largely ceremonial advisory body to China's parliament, spoke at the memorial at the Nanjing Massacre Memorial Hall.Yu said China and Japan were neighbours with deep historic ties.  China would deepen relations with all its neighbours, including Japan, on the basis of amity, sincerity and friendship, Yu said, in comments carried live on state television.'China and Japan must act on the basis of both their people's basic interests, correctly grasp the broad direction of peaceful and friendly cooperation, take history as a mirror, face the future and pass on friendship down the generations,' Yu said.              Sirens blare and thousands of doves are released as Chinese President Xi Jinping (left) attends the state memorial ceremony in Nanjing. Chinese paramilitary policemen present wreaths to mourn the victims during the event (right)         Painful past: One of the survivors of Nanjing Massacre weeps as she attends the state memorial ceremony in eastern China         Yu Zhengsheng, head of China's parliamentary advisory body, said China and Japan were neighbours with deep historic tiesA sombre Xi, wearing a white flower in his lapel to symbolise mourning, stood in the audience but did not speak.Doves to signify peace flew overhead after Yu finished speaking.Xi later met massacre survivors, the official Xinhua news agency said, telling them, 'Lessons learned from the past can guide one in the future'.South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who arrived in Beijing for a four-day visit, offered condolences to the victims in a speech to businessmen, in what his office called the first such public mention of the massacre by a South Korean leader.The state memorial ceremony was also attended by policemen, soldiers, students and local residents.         Yu said China would deepen relations with all its neighbours, including Japan, on the basis of amity, sincerity and friendship         China consistently reminds its people, especially students, of the 1937 massacre in which it says 300,000 people were killed         Representatives of policemen mourn the massacre victims at the ceremony, alongside soldiers, students and residents         In 2014, China formally made December 13, the anniversary of the Nanjing Massacre, a National Day of RemembranceIn Tokyo, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga spoke of the importance of looking to the future.'The leaders of Japan and China have agreed in past meetings to further improve relations and it is important, while cherishing this trend, to together show a future-oriented stance,' Suga told a regular news conference:It was the second time Xi has attended the event since China marked its first national memorial day for the massacre in 2014.At that time, he called on China and Japan to set aside hatred and not allow the minority who led Japan to war to affect relations now. HOW DID THE NANJING MASSACRE HAPPEN?         More than 300,000 Chinese are reported to have been murdered during the notorious 'Rape of Nanjing' by the Japanese in 1937On December 13, 1937 Imperial Japanese troops invaded the capital city of Nanjing where they ransacked, pillaged and slaughtered civilians for six weeks.The city was essentially abandoned by Chinese Nationalist leader Chiang Kai-Shek who called for the removal of most official troops following a brutal loss in Shanghai. He forbade official evacuation of civilians and ordered the untrained troops left to defend the city at any cost. The soldiers who remained were tracked down by the Japanese and killed. They were lumped into mass graves along with civilians who happened to be in the way. They even had killing contests to see who could get the highest body count. Decaying bodies filled the streets and the safety zone which was established for the protection of civilians was ignored. According to History.com, the safety zone was about the size of Central Park. In addition to the slaughtering of 300,000 people in six weeks, women were raped in the thousands. There were 40 military brothels in the city alone where Japanese soldiers would rape women as young as 12 years old. They were referred to as 'comfort women'.   
