Maldives holidays cancelled by thousands of tourists over safety fears
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/travel/5575591/maldives-holidays-cancelled-tourists-safety-fears/
14th February 2018, 1:31 pm
TOURISTS in their thousands are cancelling holidays in the Maldives after a state of emergency was declared last week.
Tour operators have reported scores of cancellations, despite public assurances from the government that things are normal on the islands.
Getty - Contributor6 Bookings to the Maldives have taken a nosedive due to political unrest
President Abdulla Yameen imposed the emergency by arresting judges, who had asked him to free the imprisoned leaders of the opposition.
As a result, the UK, the USA, China and India have issued travel warnings.
A spokesman for Paradise Island Resort-Villa Group said: "We have had about 50-60 room cancellations per day and the number is consistent since it started. This is the same for all of our properties in the country."
The resort is a 20-minute ride by speedboat from Male where the turmoil is centred.
AFP6 President Abdulla Yameen has stated that nothing has changed on the islands
Tourism accounts for a third of Maldives' gross domestic product, measured at $3.5 billion in 2017 (£2.5 billion).
Ratings agency Moody's has said it would lower its 2018 growth forecast of 4.5 percent if tourists are deterred for a prolonged period.
Calls from Yameen's opponents for military intervention by India, the leading power in the region, have added to the uncertainty.
The Muslim-majority nation of 400,000 people lies close to international shipping lines and has become another arena of contest between India and China.
China, which has built close ties to the Yameen government in its push for a network of friendly ports in the Indian Ocean under its "Belt and Road" initiative, has cautioned against foreign interference.
Getty - Contributor6 The islands are normally a favourite with couples and honeymooners in search of an idyllic holiday
But that hasn't stopped it from issuing a travel warning to its citizens, who make up a fifth of the tourist traffic.
A tour operator in Male spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of upsetting the government.
They said: "We have a higher market for Chinese and Indian travellers and we are seeing most of the cancellations from these markets."
Early estimates pointed to a 20 percent to 25 percent rise in cancellations over the normal pattern since the crisis began, he said.
Chinese New Year travel
The Chinese New Year begins on Thursday when millions of Chinese people travel at home and overseas during a week-long holiday.
Reuters6 Airlines like SpiceJet are letting customers cancel or change their flights to the Maldives
The tour operator said the big worry is that travellers will stop bookings going into March.
Ctrip.com International Ltd, China's biggest online travel agency, said it was coordinating with hotels and airlines and helping guests who wished to postpone or cancel trips to the Maldives before February 28.
A spokeswoman declined to say how many cancellations or postponements there had been.
Shanghai's state-run Xinmin Evening News said last week about 3,000 people from Shanghai had been expected to visit the Maldives over the holiday, and that in recent years more than 300,000 Chinese visited the country annually.
Airlines have not yet cancelled flights but carriers including Air India, India's SpiceJet, China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines have allowed customers to cancel or change their tickets at no cost during specific dates during February.
The Chinese airlines also echoed Beijing's warnings about visiting Maldives.
Getty - Contributor6 The country is known for its unspoiled beaches and white sands
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on Wednesday that China had sent security reminders regarding the situation in the Maldives.
He said: "According to my knowledge, relevant Chinese departments are actively giving guidance to Chinese citizens to pay high attention to the security risks in travelling to the Maldives and appropriately plan their itineraries."
If Thailand's experience is a guide, the disruption could be short-lived.
The bombing of a Buddhist temple in Bangkok in August 2015 caused a 17 percent drop in Chinese tourists to Thailand in the weeks afterward.
But they began coming back again by October of that year, the government said, and Thailand finished the year with a record number of Chinese arrivals.
Some Chinese tourists have complained travel agents have been slow in refunding money already spent on booking flights and hotels in the Maldives, or even refusing to offer refunds altogether.
Getty - Contributor6 Tour operators have announced that bookings to the Maldives are down
During a state of emergency in 2015, economic growth slowed to 2.8 per cent from 6.0 per cent the previous year, dragged down by a sharp slowdown in tourist arrivals growth.
Tourist haven
Almost 1.4 million tourists from across the world visited the Maldives in 2017, according to government statistics.
Trouble began on the idyllic islands, famed for white-sand beaches and crystal clear diving spots in its turquoise waters, when the Supreme Court quashed terrorism and graft convictions of nine opposition figures and ordered they be freed. Among them was the exiled former president, Mohamed Nasheed.
Yameen rejected the ruling and declared an emergency for 15 days.
Opposition supporters staged protests lobbying the government to obey the court order before state of emergency declared
MOST READ IN TRAVELTHOMAS SHOOK What are my rights if Thomas Cook goes bust after I've booked my holiday? THEY'RE BACK! Everything you need to know about Hols from £15 and how to book yours now HOLIDAY HELL Brit holidaymakers flood Thomas Cook with booking fears after £1.5bn loss ExclusiveFLY SPRAY BA passenger 'left with food poisoning after being served MOULDY salad on flight' GROUNDED Airlines including easyJet & BA cancel hundreds of flights due to strike in Italy SLY STAY Hidden charges like resort fees that could double the price of your hotel room 
He also ordered the arrest of two of the court's five judges, several opposition members and his 80-year-old half-brother, Maumoon Abdul Gayoom, who had ruled the Maldives for 30 years.
They were all plotting a coup against him, Yameen said.
The remaining judges have since nullified the court's ruling and the government sent envoys to China, Saudi Arabia and Pakistan seeking support from "friendly" nations and to reassure them the islands were safe for international travel.

