Aerial photos reveal how China has built a belt of military bases across the South China Sea in ‘unrestrained’ show of power
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5520855/china-military-bases-south-china-sea-aerial-photos/
7th February 2018, 3:45 pm
AERIAL photos reveal how China has turned a string of disputed islands into fortresses bristling with military hardware.
Beijing has defied international agreements and sent dredgers to build up uninhabited reefs in the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea.
INQUIRER.net.13 Aerial photo shows Chinese cargo vessels bringing building materials to Zamora Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands
One island - which a UN court ruled belongs to the Philippines - now has a two-mile runway, a port and multistorey concrete barracks.
Photos taken between July and December last year reveal the results of a huge contruction project over the past three years.
Radar stations, communications towers, and helipads can be seen on the reclaimed coral atolls.
Previoulsy missile launch silos and gun emplacements were spotted on satellite images.
China's continued military build-up has alarmed its neighbours in the region while the West's attention was on Kim Jong-un's nuclear ambitions in North Korea.
INQUIRER.net.13 What appear to be radar installations can be seen on Mischief Reef
INQUIRER.net.13 A two-mile runway has been built on the reclaimed coral atoll
INQUIRER.net.13 Fiery Cross Reef is home to a runway, barracks and greenhouses to grow food for Chinese troops
INQUIRER.net.13 A Chinese missile frigate was in one picture close to Zamora Reef
Islands in the Spratlys and the nearby Paracel Islands are claimed by a number of countries including the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan.
The are strung out in disupted waters, which are rich in oil and gas reserves and sit close to one of the busiest shipping routes in the world.
Beijing insists its intentions are peaceful but the new aerial pictures - which were taken below 5,000ft and were obtained by the Philippine Daily Inquirer - are sure to inflame tensions.
They come weeks after Chinese state TV showed troops guarding installations on Fiery Cross Reef, sparking a diplomatic protest from the Philippine government.
13 The Spratly Islands are a string of disputed coral reefs in the South China Sea
INQUIRER.net.13 The huge construction project undertaken by the Chinese military is revealed in surveillance photos
INQUIRER.net.13 Beijing has built mini cities for troops to be stationed in the disputed waters
INQUIRER.net.13 Various islands in the chain are claimed by countries including Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and the Philippines as well as China
INQUIRER.net.13 One picture of Fiery Cross Reef appears to show troop transport vessels in the port
INQUIRER.net.13 Observation towers and radomes can also be seen in the photos
Defence secretary Delfin Lorenzana accused China of reneging on a pledge not to militarise territory near the disputed Spratly Islands, known as Nansha in China.
He said: "If it's true and we can prove they have been putting soldiers and even weapons systems, that will be a violation of what they said."
Fiery Cross is home to a military barracks, a hospital and a greenhouse to supply soldiers stationed there with fresh produce.
It and two other larger reefs have long runways that appear ready to receive military aircraft.
Cargo ships have been snapped in the ports - believed to be bringing building materials and equipment - and Chinese warships have also been spotted.
INQUIRER.net.13 China has been accused of trying to extend its territory by sleath, sparking protests from neighbours
INQUIRER.net.13 Missile launch pads and gun exmplacements have previsously been seen in satellite images
In December, Beijing defended its construction on disputed islands as "normal" after a US think tank released satellite images showing the deployment of radar and other equipment.
China claims the reefs are being developed to facilitate marine rescues, disaster relief, oceanic research, ecological protection and navigational safety.
The military expansion ties into a broader Chinese initiative, called One Belt One Road.
The vast infrastructure project, launched by Chinese President Xi Jinping, is set to build a 'new Silk Road' of ports, railways and roads to expand trade across Asia, Africa and Europe.
MOST READ IN WORLD NEWSZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ‘HEINOUS ABUSE’ Girl, 3, dies after being 'raped and battered by stepdad while mum watched' MIRACLE TOT Toddler, 3, survives plunging 30ft and being impaled on 6ft-long rod SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk LIT FUSE Sick moment Russian thug punches woman in the face and knocks her out outside club 'I WANTED TO GET RID OF HER' Mum, 21, abandoned daughter, 2, to ‘spend time with boyfriend' 
In December we told how China was building a floating nuclear power plant to provide electricity to the islands.
China is also said to be building an underwater spy station to observe ships in the South China Sea.
Last year it was reported that China was "stealing" the oil and gas rich South China Sea region and it was too late for Trump and the US to stop them. 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


