Theresa May lavishes praise on China’s President vowing Britain will stay a ‘player’ in world affairs after Brexit – as he quotes Shakespeare to welcome her
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5475006/theresa-may-talks-china-visit-president-xi-brexit/
1st February 2018, 2:13 pm
THERESA May has lavished praise on China as she promised Britain will stay one of the world's major "players" after Brexit.
The Prime Minister was welcomed to Beijing today by President Xi as she helped seal more trade links with one of the fastest growing economies in the world.
AFP11 Theresa May held talks with the Chinese President today
The pair held 80-minutes of crunch talks on a post-Brexit trade deal, security, and how to stop North Korea nuking the world on day two of the PM's visit.
She said today that both countries face "global challenges" but vowed to take forward the "partnership" we have formed together.
The Prime Minister insisted: "The links between us go beyond trade. I'm very pleased with the people-to-people links we have been able to build on in education and in culture too.
"We are both significant players on the world stage of outward-looking countries," she added, once again hailing the "golden age" of relations with the global superpower.
AFP11 The pair met for talks about trade, Brexit, the environment and North Korea
EPA11 On the second day of Theresa May's visit, they held discussions in the Diaoyutai Guesthouse in Beijing
PM: I'M MRS TEATHE PM displayed her love of a cuppa ­yesterday at a traditional tea drinking ceremony with China’s premier.
Shown a cup of Lapsang Souchong — made from smoke-dried leaves — in front of Xi Jinping and wife Peng Liyuan, Mrs May and hubby Philip said: “Oh, we have that at home!”
It followed a visit to Beijing’s famous Forbidden City as part of a tour of the capital.
The PM was earlier told by Chinese TV that the locals called her Auntie May because she was “part of a family”.
She said: “Oh thank you. I’m honoured.”

Getty Images - Getty11 The Prime Minister, taking part in a tea ceremony with the President earlier
Getty Images - Getty11 Philip May joked to the group that they 'had that tea at home' and they usually
11 The four posed for a photoshoot before the British delegation heads to Shanghai later
The Prime Minister's spokesperson confirmed the pair had discussed Brexit, trade, the environment, and North Korea.
"The two leaders discussed North Korea and their shared determination to bring to an end DPRK’s illegal nuclear activity, agreeing denuclearisation was the objective," they said.
And once Britain leaves the EU, Britain will be able to sign a deep and meaningful trade deal with China, the PM stressed, as she hailed a new partnership as the first step towards a deal.
While discussing their "elevated relationship" between the UK and China which will only grow in future, President Xi even quoted Shakespeare saying: "What's past is prologue".
The reference comes from The Tempest, where the two characters suggest that all that has happened in the past has led them to this important moment.
Mrs May is set to give him a DVD boxset of the BBC's Blue Planet series, with a personal message from Sir David Attenborough, in an attempt to get him to help tackle the problem of plastic in our oceans.
Mrs May told President Xi today that the world had a "collective responsibility" to tackle the problem.
The President, Prime Minister and husband Philip took tea this morning together.
Britain and China are booming: billions of pounds worth of deals signedTheresa May hopes to seal several business deals with Chinese firms while she is on the three-day trip. Here's what has been signed off so far:

JD.com, China’s largest retailer, has announced plans to sell £2 billion of UK goods to Chinese consumers in the next 2-3 years, in a huge boost for Britain. They will kick off their international campaign in April with a 24-hour 'Celebrate Britain' campaign for UK products to sell to the Chinese.
Standard Chartered has signed a £1.1billion five-year agreement with China Development Bank under the Belt & Road intiative
Cumbria-based phamaceutical firm Kendal Nutricare signed up for an £85million export contract extention for their baby formula


@Number10gov11 The couple - who are keen on walking -  took a tour of the Great Wall of China
EPA11 She also took part in a traditional dragon awakening ceremony
After Mr May was served Lapsang Souchong by President Xi’s wife, he quipped: "oh, we drink that at home!"
The Prime Minister also visited China's Forgotten City with Philip today.
Yesterday she met with China's Premier Li and the pair vowed to continue and boost the "golden era" of relations between us.
Both said Brexit wouldn't change our relationship and looked forward to a big trade deal being signed as soon as quit the EU.
She also hopes to land £9billion worth of business trade deals while she's there.
British beef will also be back on the menu within 6 months, Mrs May revealed yesterday.
The second day of her three-day trip came as pressure on her leadership grew at home.
One minister told The Sun that they were considering quitting - and would denounce the PM from the backbenches.
But she told reporters on the way over to China: "I'm not a quitter."
Theresa May and President Xi dine on chicken soup, crab and dragon whisker noodlesAt her dinner with Chinese President Xi Jinping, Theresa May was served:

Chicken soup with bamboo fungus and golden tremella
King crab in two styles
Beijing roast duck
Braised coral grouper with lettuce
Fried steak with tomato powder, sauteed vegetables, lily bulbs and snow peas
Pastries
Fruits and ice cream
Dragon whisker noodles were made at the table, and there was a demonstration of Beijing duck carving.


11 And Mrs May and hubbie Phillip also visited the Forgotten City earlier
AP:Associated Press11 May visits the National Agricultural Science and Technology Demonstration Park at the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences
EPA11 And she was shown around the Agrigarden research and development centre
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe BOO WHAT? Labour bans Julia Hartley-Brewer from Conference for shouting boo in 'safe space' SCAN AND SEARCH Police should use hi-tech cameras to scan yobs for knives, Khan rival says FARAGE BARRAGE What has Nigel Farage said about The Brexit Party and why did he leave UKIP? PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find 
Chinese youngsters go mad for Theresa May in visit
Today told Chinese TV network CCTV she was "honoured" to be given the nickname "Auntie May" by locals - who have been going wild for her visit.
"A lot of Chinese people would affectionately call you, in Chinese, Auntie May," said the interviewer.
"That's really a kind of a call for Chinese - you're one of the members of the family. Do you like that?"
Mrs May replied: "Oh, thank you. Thank you very much indeed. I'm honoured by that. Thank you."

