Liam Fox tells plotters to stop meddling and vows to support Theresa May for ‘as long as she wants to lead’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5474085/liam-fox-vows-to-support-theresa-may-for-as-long-as-she-wants-to-lead/
1st February 2018, 7:18 am
TRADE chief Liam Fox has told squabbling rebels to stop plotting - as he vowed to support Theresa May for “as long as she wants to lead the party”.
The Tory veteran said he wished mutinous MPs could see she is a national asset selling Britain to the world.
Getty - Contributor2 Liam Fox, who is accompanying the PM on a trade trip, came out fighting for the Prime Minister today
He insisted the Chinese - who have dubbed the PM “Auntie May” - view her differently to “some of the internal tea room discussions” in Westminster do.
But he also risked infuriating Eurosceptics by refusing to rule out staying in a customs union after Brexit.
He also admitted free trade deals will be “some time away” given Brexit the transition phase ends in December 2020.
Mr Fox said he thinks we won't even be able to talk about trade deals in the transition period - something ministers have said must be allowed.
Reuters2 Theresa May is on a three-day trip to China to drum up trade and investment
His blast came as Chinese TV left the PM speechless by telling her the locals have dubbed her “Auntie May” - part of the family.
And it comes just hours after The Sun revealed a senior minister is preparing to speak out against Theresa May’s rocking leadership in a dramatic move that could trigger her eventual downfall.
The respected Tory MP has told allies he will issue a call for new direction for the party, in a challenge for her to sack him.
Speaking at a morning media round in Beijing Mr Fox told ITV the PM was doing an “excellent job”. He said: “I will give full support to the Prime Minister as long as she wants to lead my party.
“I think she is doing an excellent job and I do wish more of my party colleagues have seen the sort of leadership and commitment and positive agenda that’s been projected for Britain here in China.”
He added: “Maybe they should see the PM’s performance in selling Britain overseas.
“That might do everybody a lot of good.
"I’m not here to focus on internal Conservative party politics. I’m here to show the Conservative party, the government and the country what we can do internationally and the PM has been absolutely key to those efforts.”
Chinese youngsters go mad for Theresa May in visit
Today her former strategy chief Nick Timothy also lined up to back her, saying that toppling her now would put Brexit in danger.
He wrote in his column in the Telegraph today: "Tories who are tempted to move against the Prime Minister must know that the alternative is chaos."
Liam Fox sparks fresh Brexit row after refusing to rule out staying in a customs unionTHERESA May’s trade chief risks a fresh row with Eurosceptics after refusing to rule out Britain staying in a customs union after Brexit. 
Speaking in China, Liam Fox said a customs arrangement after a post-Brexit transition phase wouldn’t hinder efforts to grow exports with the rest of the world, Steve Hawkes writes.
He added that a formal trade deal with China may be “some time away”. Arch Brexiteers worry that entering a bespoke customs deal with Brussels after Brexit could prevent the UK’s ability to sign formal free trade deals with non-EU powerhouses.
Mr Fox pointed out that exports to China are already growing six times faster than the average to the rest of the world without a formal deal.
And asked if that growth could continue if the UK enters a new customs arrangement the Trade Secretary told Sky: “Self evidently we can do it in a customs union as we can do it now while we are still in the EU.”The comments come three days after Mr Fox told hardline Tory Eurosceptics they will have to “live with disappointment” and accept a softer Brexit.
He told The Sun that senior Brexiteers should stop attacking the Chancellor after he said there should only be “modest changes” to Britain’s relationship with the EU post Brexit.
The PM’s three-day trade visit to China has been dogged by accusations that relations have soured.
The Uk has refused to formally back China’s controversial Belt and Road Initiative - a sprawling infrastructure investment programme across smaller countries in Asia and Eastern Europe.
But speaking in Beijing, Mr Fox insisted the groundwork was being put in place to sign free trade deal with China when the moment was right.
He said: “we haven’t got to Brexit yet of course and that may be some time away if we’ve got an implementation period.
“But what we’re doing is to ensure that when we have economic freedoms we can take advantage of them."
He added: “As everybody knows we can’t negotiate never mind sign any agreements while we’re still in the EU, and that’s likely to be extended if we were to have an implementation period.”

MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe BOO WHAT? Labour bans Julia Hartley-Brewer from Conference for shouting boo in 'safe space' SCAN AND SEARCH Police should use hi-tech cameras to scan yobs for knives, Khan rival says FARAGE BARRAGE What has Nigel Farage said about The Brexit Party and why did he leave UKIP? PROBATION FAIL Probation service still fails victims of rape and violence, inspectors find 
The comments come three days after Liam Fox told hardline Tory Eurosceptics they will have to “live with disappointment” and accept a softer Brexit.
He told The Sun that Senior Brexiteers should stop attacking the Chancellor after he said there should only be “modest changes” to Britain’s relationship with the EU post Brexit.
Speaking to Sky he warned that free trade deals with the rest of the world are “some time away” given the post-Brexit implementation phase.
He said: “We can’t negotiate never mind sign any agreements while we’re still in the EU and that’s likely to be extended if we were to have an implementation period.”
Asked if he could live with remaining in a customs union he said “self evidently” trade with China was growing despite being in the customs union with the EU now.

