Theresa May will bang the drum for Brexit Britain as she jets to China with biggest ever business delegation for a Government trip
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5453565/theresa-may-will-bang-the-drum-for-brexit-britain-as-she-jets-to-china-with-biggest-ever-business-delegation-for-a-government-trip/
29th January 2018, 10:30 pm
THERESA May will bang the drum for Brexit Britain today as she jets to China with the biggest ever business delegation for a Government trip.
More than 50 companies and lobbying groups – from tea maker Whittard of Chelsea to bank giant HSBC – will accompany the PM on a three-day visit to the Far East superpower.
AFP2 Theresa May will bang the drum for Brexit Britain as she jets to China
The visit comes with the PM facing open revolt among Tory MPs over Brexit and her style of leadership.
Number 10 said the PM’s visit was designed to cement the “golden era” heralded by Chinese President Xi Jinping’s state visit to Britain three years ago.
Exports to China have soared 60 per cent since 2010 and China is on course to be one of the UK’s largest foreign investors by the end of the decade.
In a sign of the close relations between the two nations, the PM’s husband Philip May will be by her side in his first official visit outside of Europe and she visits the education hub of Wuhan, Beijing and Shanghai as well as Trade Secretary Liam Fox.
AFP2 More than 50 companies and lobbying groups – inclduing bank giant HSBC – will accompany the PM
Philip made his global debut at the G20 summit in Hamburg last year – to be taken on a ‘partners’ tour alongside Melania Trump and Brigitte Macron.
But the PM is expected to raise concerns over China’s controversial ‘Belt and Road Initiative’ which sees Beijing investing in infrastructure across Asia, central and eastern Europe.
Asked whether she was grateful for the chance to escape the turmoil in the UK, the PM’s official spokesman said: “This is a long planned and important trip and a good opportunity for the Prime Minister to build on the strong relationship which already exists with China – and she is looking forward to it.”
The visit is expected to take in a trip to an environmental project set up to tackle plastic waste in the Yangtze river.
MOST READ IN POLITICS:ExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe 
Sources claimed the Prime Minister was also expected to mount a fresh bid to convince President Xi Jinping to do more to bring North Korea to heel.
In a statement last night, the PM said: “The UK and China are both global powers with a global outlook.
“And I am committed to deepening our strong and vital partnership with what is one of the world’s fastest growing economies.
“There are huge trade opportunities in China that we want to help British businesses take advantage of.”

