David Cameron jokes about new flat cap after being snapped at Disneyland Paris as he enjoys rides with kids
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/5405010/david-cameron-jokes-about-new-flat-cap-after-being-snapped-at-disneyland-paris-as-he-enjoys-rides-with-kids/
23rd January 2018, 12:10 pm
DAVID Cameron has joked that he hasn’t “joined the Peaky Blinders” after he was snapped in a flat cap at Disneyland Paris.
The former Prime Minister confirmed it really was him snapped at the theme park over the weekend, saying he took his children while wife Samantha was working in the French capital.
BBC/PA8 Mr Cameron said he wasn't taking inspiration from Peaky Blinders
Twitter8 He was spotted in the new hat in Paris at the weekend
BBC8 His new headwear drew comparisons with the BBC drama about the Birmingham gang
But after his new hat raised eyebrows and some unfortunate comparisons, the 51-year-old said he only bought it to keep “warm and dry” – and wasn’t inspired by BBC’s Birmingham crime drama.
A picture was posted by a Twitter user saying: “As if I was just stood next to David Cameron at Disneyland and I bottled it.”
She then posted a picture to prove it, adding: “Glad to see he’s still enjoying free movement of people in the EU.”
But not everyone was convinced it was really him, despite a host of other Brits tweeting they had seen the ex-Tory leader in Paris in the past few days.
Alamy8 The former PM said he took his children to Disneyland while his wife was working in Paris
PA8 He claimed he was trying to keep warm - not imitate ex-union boss Bob Crow
PA8 Mr Cameron, who used to holiday in Cornwall when in No10, confirmed it was indeed him in Paris
Mr Cameron has confirmed indeed it was, writing to Politico to say: “Yes. Sam doing clothing business stuff in Paris, so I took the kids over for mixture of Picasso museum and Disney.”
He also joked he wasn’t trying to imitate the former RMT leader Bob Crow, adding: “It rained a lot so I bought a hat!
“I haven’t joined the Peaky Blinders, or become Bob Crow, just trying to stay warm and dry.”
Pressed on any top tips for anyone planning on going to Disneyland, he added: “I recommend Star Tours and Big Thunder Mountain — but avoid the Jedi burgers.”
Twitter/@marcusfraser398 Several other people tweeted about seeing David Cameron in Paris
Twitter/@bethjemmarose8 He said he was in the French capital while his wife showed off her new fashion range
MOST READ IN POLITICS:ExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe 
Mr Cameron, who left Downing Street after losing the EU referendum in July 2016, has taken on a string of new jobs in recent months.
As well as writing his memoirs of his time in Number 10, he has been appointed to the board of several non-profits, and in October landed a job with US electronic payments firm First Data Corporation.
And last month he was hired to manage a billion-dollar investment fund between the UK and China, called the Belt and Road initiative.
Meanwhile his wife has launched her fashion group Cefinn, and was in Paris to exhibit her new womenswear collection this week.
Ex-PM David Cameron slams Jeremy Corbyn as 'completely unsuited' for No10

