China changes law to make President Xi the most powerful man since Chairman Mao as it reveals plans to overtake the West
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4754089/china-president-xi-powerful-chairman-mao/
24th October 2017, 11:34 am
CHINA'S leader Xi Jinping has become the Communist nation's most powerful leader since Chairman Mao after his name was added to the Communist Party constitution.
Communist China's founder Mao Zedong and economic reformer Deng Xiaoping are the only other Chinese leaders to have their names in the document - and only Mao was alive when his was included.
AP:Associated Press4 Chinese President Xi Jinping at the closing ceremony for the 19th Party Congress at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China
Getty - Contributor4 Chairman Mao was the controversial architect of modern China
When he opened the Communist Party congress - China's most important political meeting - Xi declared that China had entered a "new era" with the ambitious goal of becoming a "global leader" by mid-century.
Xi, 64, presided over the congress's closing session where some 2,300 delegates approved the constitutional amendment to include "Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era".
The concept places a heavy emphasis on the party's role in governing every aspect of the country from the economy to what people are writing on social media.
"We must work tirelessly and forge ahead on the journey of realising the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation," Xi, who is due to be reappointed as party chief on Wednesday, told the congress in Beijing.
China flexes its muscles with a HUGE military parade showing off its army and weapons
AFP or licensors4 The week-long 19th Communist Party Congress meetings ended today
Reuters4 China has become a major economic and military power in the past few decades. File picture
With his name in the constitution, Xi will have the last word on all political matters.
He could stay on as the nation's top leader even if he gives up the title of party general secretary when his second term ends in 2022, analysts said.
Xi's predecessors Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao had their concepts included in the constitution, but without their names and only when they retired after two terms.
Chinese political scholar Hu Xingdou told AFP: "China has a tradition of combining emperor and teacher, which means that the emperor is also the thought leader.
"Xi achieved it at the end of his first term. That's rare in our history."
Xi also managed to get at least two of his cherished programmes written into the constitution: an anti-corruption campaign that has brought down 1.5 million crooked officials since 2012 and the Belt and Road initiative, the massive global trade infrastructure project intended to increase China's influence abroad.
The congress declared the Communist Party China's "absolute leader", a clear sign that it intends to further tighten its grip on the country.
"Those who approve, raise your hands," Xi said during the vote as a flurry of arms shot up in unison.
CHINA'S RED FATHERMao Zedong was a Chinese communist leader and founder of the People's Republic of China.
Though still celebrated in China, he was responsible for the disastrous policies of the "Great Leap Forward" and the "Cultural Revolution".
He was born into a peasant family in December 1893 in Shaoshan, in Hunan province, central China.
Mao trained as a teacher and became a Marxist when he took a university library job in Beijing.
He founded the Chinese Communist Party in 1921 and led it to victory in the Chinese Civil War after World War Two.
He proclaimed the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949 and imposed strict communist policies, ruthlessly crushing any opposition.
In 1958 Mao launched the "Great Leap Forward", an attempt to increase agricultural and industrial production that backfired horribly, leading to famine and millions of deaths.
In 1966, in an attempt to re-stablish his authority, he oversaw the "Cultural Revolution" - an attempt to rid the country of capitalism and other counter-communist elements.
The purges and upheaval that followed once again crippled the country and devastated the country's historical heritage.
In the 1970s he tried to restore relationships with the US, Japan and Europe but died in 1976.

When he asked if anyone was not in favour, shouts of "None!" echoed in the imposing Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
"Now our country is unified, cohesive, and moving up in the world," northeast Jilin province delegate Li Hualiang told AFP.
The congress also elected a new 204-member Central Committee, which included just 10 women.
Xi is expected to secure a second five-year term as general secretary of the party and could also consolidate his power by filling the standing committee with allies.
A vast security apparatus was thrown around the congress, with businesses ranging from nightclubs to gyms closing to avoid any incidents and factories shuttered in what turned out to be a failed attempt to clear the city's notorious smog.
Xi has sought to portray himself as a responsible global leader while US President Donald Trump trumpets a nationalist "America First" policy and the European Union grapples with Britain's exit.
His blueprint foresees no change in the single-party political system, and gives no sign that crackdowns on human rights activists will ease.
Some of his goals, such as building a modern military by 2035, go beyond the end of his second term, a hint that he foresees himself staying at the centre of China's political life for years to come.
most read in world newsZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall ‘HEINOUS ABUSE’ Girl, 3, dies after being 'raped and battered by stepdad while mum watched' MIRACLE TOT Toddler, 3, survives plunging 30ft and being impaled on 6ft-long rod SEALED FOR ETERNITY 1,000-year-old Buddha statue contains skeleton of 'self-mummified' monk LIT FUSE Sick moment Russian thug punches woman in the face and knocks her out outside club 'I WANTED TO GET RID OF HER' Mum, 21, abandoned daughter, 2, to ‘spend time with boyfriend' 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 

