Jeremy Corbyn is ‘disgusting’ for backing Venezuela’s far-left government, US Secretary of State blasts as he warns of rise of anti-Semitism in the West
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9030695/jeremy-corbyn-venezuela-disgusting-mike-pompeo/
8th May 2019, 4:08 pm
JEREMY Corbyn is "disgusting" for backing the far-left Venezuela regime, one of Donald Trump's top team said today.
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo accused the Labour boss of backing a "murderous dictator" by refusing to condemn Nicolas Maduro.
London News Pictures3 Jeremy Corbyn was slammed by the US Secretary of State
The top official also called on Britain to take back ISIS fighters such as Shamima Begum.
And he urged politicians to get on and deliver Brexit so a new US-UK trade deal can be drawn up.
Speaking alongside his British counterpart Jeremy Hunt, Mr Pompeo was asked for his message to Mr Corbyn over Venezuela.
He blasted: "It is disgusting to see leaders in not only the United Kingdom but the United States as well who continue to support the murderous dictator Maduro.
"To see American leaders or leaders from this country continue to provide support and comfort to a regime that has created so much devastation, so much devastation.
"No leader in a country with Western democratic values ought to stand behind them."
Conservative Vice Chairman Alec Shelbrooke said today: “Secretary Pompeo’s comments remind us that Jeremy Corbyn has a history of backing the failed Government of Nicolas Maduro, which is causing untold misery on the people of Venezuela.
“Instead of acting to condemn the humanitarian catastrophe that the hard-left policies of Maduro have inflicted on Venezuelans, Jeremy Corbyn and his allies have instead grotesquely trumpeted the achievements of the regime.
“Once again, Jeremy Corbyn is happy to side with those opposed to Britain, while threatening our relationship with our most important allies”.
ISIS BLAST
The Secretary of State, a close ally to Mr Trump, said Western countries should take back ISIS fighters captured in Syria or Iraq.
His statement will be seen as a reference to the case of Shamima Begum, the East London schoolgirl who joined ISIS and has now been stripped of her UK passport.
Mr Pompeo said: "The United Kingdom has contributed mightily to the coalition to defeat ISIS.
"And as the attacks on Sri Lanka show, we need to keep up that fight against radical Islamic terrorism.
"A key part of that fight is that every coalition member must take back terrorist fighters captured on the battlefield."
In his only reference to Britain's EU departure, the Secretary of State said: "Our great hope is that Brexit is going to be resolved soon because President Trump is eager to sign a bilateral trade agreement that expands on our number one trade relationship."
But in a separate speech to the Centre for Policy Studies at Lancaster House this afternoon, he added: "God speed and good luck!" sorting out Brexit.
Britain would be the"first in line, not last in the queue" for a deal, as President Obama had claimed.
And in another hit at Mr Corbyn, he added: "I'm troubled by the anti-Semitism that's emerging again in our society and yours. We must stop this cancer before it goes even further.
"Hatred of the Jewish state is just as bad. Anti-Zionism is anti-Semitism."
Pompeo warning to May over Huawei 5G networkBy Natasha ClarkMARGARET Thatcher wouldn't have let Chinese firm Huawei build the internet of the future as it would have been too much of a security risk, the US Secretary of State claimed today.
Mike Pompeo insisted that the Iron Lady would have been far more cautious over the tech giant's ask to built the infrastructure for 5G internet.
He said in a speech this afternoon: "Would the Iron Lady be silent when China violates the sovereignty of nations through corruption and coercion?
"Would she welcome the belt and road initative without transparency and the highest standards?
"Would she allow China to control the internet of the future?"
He said that as friends, the two countries had to have awkward and sensitive conversations about the firm.
And he added: "As a matter of Chinese law, the government can demand access to data flowing through Huawai.
"Why would anyone grant such power to a regieme that has already grossly violated cyber space?"

MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe 
Mr Pompeo today met Theresa May as well as holding talks with Mr Hunt and the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Venezuela is in crisis after its far-left policies led to the state going bankrupt while the country's economy collapsed.
A Labour spokesman said today: "We oppose outside interference in Venezuela, whether from the US or anywhere else - the future of Venezuela is a matter for Venezuelans."
AFP3 Jeremy Hunt and Mike Pompeo in London today
EPA3 Venezuela is in chaos after years of far-left policies

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online politics team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours


