Barcelona attack – What we know so far about how the bloody rampage unfolded
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/4269287/spain-is-a-nation-in-mourning-after-two-terror-attacks-leave-14-dead-and-more-than-100-injured-heres-what-we-know/
18th August 2017, 1:47 pm
SPAIN has been rocked by two terror attacks just eight hours apart which have left 14 innocent people dead and more than 130 others injured - many seriously.
In the first atrocity, a van driver deliberately slammed into dozens of people as they walked down bustling Barcelona's world-famous Las Ramblas boulevard at 5pm local time
Eight hours later in Cambrils, a coastal resort 80 miles south of Barcelona, an Audi A3 hit crowds injuring six civilians. Police shot four of the attackers dead and a fifth later died of his injuries.
One of the five terrorists killed in Cambrils could have been the driver of the van which killed those in Barcelona, police said.
Here's what we know...
13
Getty Images - Getty13 A police officer speaks to passersby on the spot where five terrorists were shot by police in Cambrils
What exactly happened?
Just before 5pm local time on Thursday, a white Fiat van started ploughing into crowds of people on Las Ramblas, a famous boulevard in the heart of Barcelona which is a magnet for tourists.
The driver was seen ruthlessly zig-zagging along the promenade to ensure he hit as many people as he possibly could.
Many were knocked to the the floor or sent flying through the air. Others ran for their lives into the relative safety of shops and cafes.
The driver killed 13 people and injured more than 130, and managed to flee the scene on foot.
Spanish police have described the atrocity as a terror attack.
Twitter/RichardBelis13 A white van suspected of ploughing into pedestrians on Las Ramblas
AP13 Armed police on patrol in Barcelona today
When was the second attack?
Minutes before 1am, an Audi A3 careered into pedestrians in the popular seaside resort of Cambrils, about 80 miles south-west of Barcelona.
Six civilians were injured -  one seriously - and two cops were also left wounded in the quiet fishing town.
Five attackers wearing suicide belts were then shot by police. Four died at the scene and the other died later of his injuries.
Catalonia's regional head Carles Puigdemont today revealed the men wearing fake explosive belts.
AFP13 The car which was used in the Cambrils attack
Barcroft13 A nearby street is cordoned off following a terrorist attack in central Barcelona
Have there been any arrests?
Yes, four men are currently in custody. On Thursday night, one person was arrested in Alcanar and a Moroccan was later arrested in Ripoll. Police then announced another arrest in Ripoll today.
It remains unclear how many people were involved in the actual terror plots.
Documents belonging to a Moroccan Driss Oukabir, were allegedly used to rent the van used in the Las Ramblas attack he has reportedly said the papers were taken by his younger brother Mousa.
He arrived in Barcelona from his homeland on 13 August, the El Pais newspaper reports.
AFP13 Driss Oukabir handed himself into cops but claimed his ID was stolen

Were there any other incidents?
On Wednesday night, an explosion devastated a house in Alcanar, south of Barcelona, killing one and wounding another seven.
It's been widely reported police believe the house may have been used to prepare explosives. Cops are linking the blast to the Barcelona bloodbath.
On Thursday evening at 7.30pm, a car was driven into officers at a checkpoint on the outskirts of Barcelona.
The car was later found with a dead man inside it, but the interior ministry has denied earlier reports he was killed by police gunfire.
He is not believed to be linked to the Las Ramblas attack, officials say, but investigations are ongoing.

AFP13 The Union and Spanish flags fly at half-mast above 10 Downing Street
Who are the victims?
The death toll currently stands at 14 people. More than 130 have been injured. They come from all over the world, with at least 34 countries affected.
A "small number" of Britons were injured, the Foreign Office said.
People from Germany, Algeria, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Morocco, Canada, China, Colombia, Romania, Venezuela, Cuba, Ecuador, Egypt, Spain, America, Philippines, France, Greece, Holland, Taiwan, Honduras, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Kuwait, Macedonia, Mauritius, Pakistan, Peru, Dominican Republic, Turkey are also reported to be among the victims.
Belgium said one of its citizens was killed and France said 26 of its nationals were injured, 11 seriously. The Australian government said at least four citizens were injured.
A seven-year-old Australian boy is among the "dozens missing."
Reuters13 Passersby help a man mown down on Las Ramblas
Rex13 People walk down Las Ramblas less than 18 hours after the attack
So who is responsible?
Less than four hours after the van attack, Isis stepped forward to claim  responsibility. The terror group claims the perpetrators of the attack are “soldiers of the Islamic State.”
But it did not provide any evidence or details to back up the claim.
ISIS supporters online were celebrating the latest jihadist carnage on European soil.
It is common for the terror group to claim international terror incidents, even if they have been carried out by so-called "lone wolves."

EPA13 Spanish security forces members stand guard outside an appartment building during a raid in the town of Ripoll
Why would ISIS target Spain?
The country is one of Europe's most popular tourist destinations but seemed to have escaped the horror attacks which have rocked France, the UK, Belgium and Germany in recent years.
Spain has been targeted before - several trains in Madrid, the capital, were bombed by Al-Qaeda inspired militants back in 2004 leaving 191 people dead.
The ISIS news agency, Amaq, said the attack was carried out as part of efforts to target states fighting in the US-led anti-IS coalition.
Just a  few hundred Spanish soldiers are in Iraq, training local forces fighting the Sunni militant group.
AFP or licensors13 Tributes have been placed all along Las Ramblas
Reuters13 A couple walks past a graffiti that reads "United we are strong, we are all Barcelona" in Madrid
Spain's Timeline of TerrorAll times Spanish
Thursday


5pm...A white Fiat van veers off the road and into a crowd outside the Plaça de Catalunya metro station, killing 13 people and injuring around 130. The driver continues down  Las Ramblas for more than 500 metres before stopping and fleeing on foot.
6.30pm...In the town of Vic, 50 miles north of Barcelona, police find a second van, presumed to be a getaway vehicle. Local cops say the van was hired at the same time as the Fiat used in the attack. 
7pm...Catalan police confirm they are dealing with a terrorist attack. On Twitter they say they have "activated the terrorist protocol" for the entire region 
7.30pm...A man is found dead after he attempts to drive through a police roadblock in the town of Sant Just Desvern, on the outskirts of Barcelona. Two cops were run down before opening fire. 
8pm...Police confirm one suspect has been arrested in Ripoll 65 miles north of Barcelona after turning himself in. Moroccan-born Driss Oukabir is identified from documents left in the van. He says his passport and ID were stolen by his brother.
8.25pm....Isis claims responsibility for the attack. The terror group states the perpetrators of the attack are “soldiers of the Islamic State”. 
9.30pm...A second unnamed man is arrested. He was born in the Spanish territory of Melilla in northern Morocco, and was arrested in the sleepy town of Alcanar.
10.25pm...Police link an explosion which ripped through a house in Alcanar, 140 miles south of Barcelona on Wednesday night to the terror attack.




Friday

12.55am...Police shoot dead four men and injure another as they carry out an attack in the coastal town of Cambrils, 80 miles south of Barcelona. The attackers drove an Audi A3 car into pedestrians, injuring six and killed one. They were wearing fake explosive belts.
3am...Police say a fifth suspect shot in the Cambrils attack has died of his injuries.
8.30am... Catalonian police say they have arrested a third suspect in connection with the attacks, in Ripoll, where Driss Oukabir had been arrested on Thursday. he is said to be a 35-year-old Moroccan.
12.45pm...Police in Spain reveal they have arrested a fourth person in connection with the Barcelona attack. More details will be given at a press conference due later this afternoon.

 


