Horrifying moment driver is flung through rear windscreen of his car after smashing into central reservation
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3929522/horrifying-moment-driver-is-flung-through-rear-windscreen-of-his-car-after-smashing-into-central-reservation/
2nd July 2017, 12:19 pm
THIS is the dramatic moment a car crash victim is flung out the vehicle’s rear windscreen because he neglected to wear his seat belt.
The high-speed collision happened in the Chongqing municipality of south-western China where the driver of the black saloon had lost control of the car and rammed the guardrails on the central reservation.
CEN
Dashcam footage taken by one of the vehicles nearby shows the car veering out of control and slamming into the guardrails with force.
The car then spins wildly out of control, and the victim can be seen breaching the windscreen behind the car and flying out.
He is seen slipping under the guardrail and into bushes beside the road.
The vehicle came to a stop nearby and none of the victims suffered life-threatening injuries.
The man, who was one of two passengers in the back seat, was found lying in pain beside the road, but he was conscious enough to communicate with the police officers and paramedics who arrived soon afterwards.
The other passenger in the back seat, a woman, was found in shock but still alive and conscious inside the crashed vehicle.
CEN
She and the driver were taken to hospital in an ambulance and are continuing to receive treatment together with the male victim thrown out during the crash, who suffered multiple broken bones.
Chongqing authorities confirmed that neither passenger in the back seat were wearing their seat belts.
China made wearing seatbelts mandatory in the front and rear seats in 2004 but the law is widely ignored, especially by rear seat passengers.
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368


