Who is Lagi Demetriou? Stavros Flatley dancer and star of Britain’s Got Talent and Sugar Free Farm arrested for ‘cannabis possession’
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3018999/lagi-demetriou-stavros-flatley-cannabis-arrest/
2nd June 2017, 11:45 am
LAGI Demetriou - one half of legendary Britain's Got Talent act Stavros Flatley - will not face charges over an alleged cannabis factory found at a flat he owns in London.
The 20-year-old found fame after appearing on our screens with dad Demetrious, known as Demi, in 2009 as the British-Greek dancing duo.
Rex Features4 Demi and Lagi appeared on the 2009 series of Britain's Got Talent as dancing duo Stavros Flatley
So who is Lagi, and what have him and his dad been doing since appearing on the show?
Here's all you need to know...
Who is Lagi Demetriou?
Lagi and his dad Demetrious won the nation's hearts with their Greek-inspired take on Michael Flatley's Lord of the Dance in Britain's Got Talent back in 2009.
Their unique dancing saw them go all the way to the final and even prompted Simon Cowell to comment: “Can I just say, this is one of my favourite ever dance acts."
Videos of their performances attracted more than 10 million hits on YouTube, and fan groups popped up all on Facebook.
The pair's unusual act came from an idea Demi, now 54, had after opening his own Greek restaurant when he was 22.
Demi, who was raised in Oakwood, London, performed Irish jigs for customers in the evening until the restaurant closed in 2002.
He decided to revive the act with Lagi, then 14, when he heard Britain's Got Talent were looking for participants.
News Group Newspapers Ltd4 The pair won the nation's hearts with their hilarious blonde wigs, but lost out in the final to Susan Boyle
Did Stavros Flatley win Britain's Got Talent?
The dancing duo appearing on the show in a stellar year, competing against the likes of singing sensation Susan Boyle.
While SuBo was crowned winner, dance troupe Diversity came second and saxophonist Julian Smith came third.
Lagi and Demetriou came in fourth after delighting audiences with their comical performances.
Andrew Styczynski4 Lagi was arrested after police allegedly discovered "hundreds" of cannabis plants at a flat he owns in north London
Why was Lagi arrested?
Police are said to have found marijuana plants worth £56,000 in a flat in north London, which is owned by Lagi.
Friends say Lagi used the money he made from his TV fame to buy the £295,000 top-floor two-bed apartment where the cannabis plants were allegedly found.
It is understood the pad, near the family home in Enfield, North London, was bought last year as an investment.
The pal added: “Police found about £50,000 worth in there.
"Lagi doesn’t live there, he lives around the corner in another flat."
The pal added: “He said he doesn’t know anything about the cannabis-growing operation."
In June police confirmed that Lagi was no longer being investigated.
Lagi - who the pal said works as a barber when he's not dancing - is not believed to have ever lived at the apartment and there has been no one registered there since 2013.
ITV4 Lagi, left, and Demi took part in Sugar Free Farm, cutting sugar out of their diet for two weeks in a bid to shed the pounds
What happened to Stavros Flatley after Britain's Got Talent?
After their success on Britain’s Got Talent, the pair found themselves sharing the stage with Girls Aloud at the 100th Royal Variety Performance, dancing for the Queen.
More recently they appeared on reality show Sugar Free Farm, joining celebs such as Alison Hammond, Joe Pasquale and Gemma Collins in a mission to lose fat and improve their diets.
The pair were challenged to cut out sugar completely during their two-week stay on the farm.
After their success on BGT, they toured round Britain in campervan, earning around £3,500 for each performance.
Lagi even took a year out of school for the road trip.
The pair have performed at hundreds of events in the UK including Glastonbury, for the England cricket team and in countries such as France, China, Australia, Germany and Greece.
They have also released a book called How To Be A Little Bit Greek and hosted an MTV show.
In 2016 the duo were heartbroken after thieves stole a suitcase containing their stage costumes and 40 of their iconic blonde wigs.
Demi made a passionate plea for the return of the case, which included some irreplaceable items.
He told The Sun: “I’m gutted, I can’t believe it. As well as the wigs, there were items of real sentimental value in there, things we had used on Britain’s Got Talent almost seven years ago.
“While a lot of it is replaceable – like the jogging bottoms, weightlifting belts and socks – the gold belts we also wore are from Asda, and they don’t sell them anymore.”

MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
 

