Controversial Czech President jokes ‘there are too many journalists, they should be eliminated’ during meeting with Putin
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3575344/controversial-czech-president-jokes-there-are-too-many-journalists-they-should-be-eliminated-during-meeting-with-putin/
16th May 2017, 3:47 pm
THE President of the Czech Republic was caught on camera joking with Vladimir Putin that they should "liquidate" journalists.
Milos Zeman was meeting the Russian president in Beijing when he quipped that there were "too many" press and they should be done away with.
AP:Associated Press2 Czech President Milos Zeman was caught on camera joking with Vladimir Putin that journalists should be 'liquidated'
The controversial leader was in China to discuss the country's £700billion "One belt, One road plan" when the remark was picked up by a microphone.
The 72-year-old president told Putin in Russian: “there are too many journalists, we should liquidate them.”
His Moscow counterpart joked back saying: "Liquidation isn't necessary, we can reduce them."
Zeman's comments have landed him in hot water back in the Czech Republic where his outspoken remark have often caused controversy.
Lubomir Zaoralek, the Czech foreign minister said: “I strongly dislike the comment, regardless if he said it to Putin or anybody else.
“It is something very misplaced, and I am being very diplomatic here.”
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' PARENTS' WORST NIGHTMARE Boy, 4, found dead by his mum after being electrocuted by lamp 'LOVED LIFE' 'Free spirit' student, 21, dies in hotel after 2 bottles of Prosecco & cocaine TILL TOLL Shoppers could soon be charged 1p to use automatic tills ExclusiveULTIMAYTE BETRAYAL Theresa May faces new coup after second EU referendum gamble backfires 
The culture minister, Daniel Herman, called the remarks “unacceptable,” even if they were intended as humor. A Czech member of the European Parliament, Pavel Telicka, wrote on Twitter that Mr. Zeman’s comment showed that he is not fit for office.
The prime minister, and long term rival of Zeman, Bohuslav Sobotka, reshared a Twitter post about journalists who have been killed or attacked in Russia.
EPA2 The controversial leaders comments sparked outrage in his home country with numerous members of the cabinet condemning the remarks
Zeman's role was originally conceived of as a mainly ceremonial one but his outspoken nature has caused issues in his homeland.
Later on in the meeting the Czech President was heard brushing off the need for a translator saying "we all understand at least one Russian dialect".





We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 





