Vladimir Putin blames out of tune piano for dodgy recital in China… as he reveals embarrassing video was NEVER meant to be released
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3569318/vladimir-putin-playing-piano-china-video-out-of-tune/
15th May 2017, 11:00 pm
RUSSIAN President Vladimir Putin has claimed an impromptu piano performance he gave before meeting with Chinese leader Xi Jinping was ruined as the instrument was out of tune.
Putin, who was in Beijing for the One Belt, One Road conference, also admitted the embarrassing video was never meant to be released.
REUTERS5 Vladimir Putin showed off his artistic side while waiting for Xi Jinping in Beijing
The Russian leader had been captured showing off his artistic side on camera while sitting down at the grand piano.
The footage, which saw him tentatively perform a few chords of two popular Soviet-era compositions, "Moscow Windows" and "Evening Song”, was later shared online.
When asked about the off the cuff performance at a news briefing in Beijing on Monday, Putin said he had just been idly toying about with the keys while waiting for his meeting with Jinping at the international forum.
REUTERS5 The Russian President has revealed he did not expect the embarrassing video to be released
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
He told local reporters: "It's a pity that the piano was out of tune.
"It was quite hard to play, even for me, someone who plays with two fingers.
“I cannot say I played, I was just pressing the keys with two or three fingers.
"I thought that if Mr Peskov is filming, it's probably for personal use, for the archive,” Putin said, referring to his spokesman, Dmitry Peskov.
He then admitted: "But they decided to post it. But never mind. I think I didn't let you down."
Reuters5 The clip was filmed while the Russian President, left, was in China for the One Belt, One Road conference, where he met with leader Xi Jinping, right
When another reporter at the event asked if Putin would consider playing for US President Donald Trump if they were to meet, the Russian leader said: "I don't know, I think we'd need to meet him, have a discussion, and depending on the result choose a melody.”
Putin is more commonly known for his displays of sporting prowess – a shirtless snap of the former KGB spy atop a horse has gone viral in the past – and he is more frequently seen piloting firefighting planes and performing other macho activities.
Getty Images5 Iconic image ... Putin riding horse shirtless in Siberia in 2009
REUTERS5 The clip sees Putin play 'Moscow Windows' and 'Evening Song', two popular Russian compositions

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.


