China ‘plotting to start a new empire’ with £700 BILLION plan to rebuild the ancient Silk Road trading route
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3566457/china-plotting-to-start-a-new-empire-with-700-billion-plan-to-rebuild-the-ancient-silk-road-trading-route/
15th May 2017, 3:12 pm
CHINA will splash out £700 billion on a modern day version of the Silk Road trade route Marco Polo explored 800 years ago.
President Xi Jinping said he wants £1.5 TRILLION worth of trade flooding into his country within five years.
Getty Images4 Chinese President Xi Jinping has announced plans for a modern-day version of the ancient Silk Road trade route
4

And Beijing is modelling its grand trade plan on the ancient route between Europe and China made famous by Venetian trader Polo.
At a conference announcing the Belt and Road scheme, Jinping said: “We should build an open platform of cooperation and uphold and grow an open world economy.”
It has already been hailed as the "project of the century".
most read in newsDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' PARENTS' WORST NIGHTMARE Boy, 4, found dead by his mum after being electrocuted by lamp 'LOVED LIFE' 'Free spirit' student, 21, dies in hotel after 2 bottles of Prosecco & cocaine TILL TOLL Shoppers could soon be charged 1p to use automatic tills ExclusiveULTIMAYTE BETRAYAL Theresa May faces new coup after second EU referendum gamble backfires 
Leaders from 29 countries attended the forum, as well as the heads of the United Nations, International Monetary Fund and World Bank.
And the move was welcomed by Britain and the US.
China has already opened a train route all the way to Barking, East London, in a bid to increase trade with the UK.
Demand from Chinese shoppers for British goods like beer, salmon and whisky have soared in recent years.
Getty Images4 President Putin was in China for the announcement of the trade route
Getty Images4 A train route connecting China and East London was successfully used for the first time this year

Even reclusive North Korea sent a delegate to take a look at the extravagant plans, while Russian president Vladimir Putin was present for the launch.
Xi said the new Silk Road would be open to all, including Africa and the Americas, which are not situated on the traditional Silk Road.
He said: "No matter if they are from Asia and Europe, or Africa or the Americas, they are all cooperative partners in building the Belt and Road."

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 

