Huawei faces ban on sensitive areas of Britain’s 5G network to ease security fears at GCHQ
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8949319/huawei-ban-5g-network-uk-security/
26th April 2019, 10:00 pm
CHINESE tech giant Huawei could be banned from “strategic” areas of Britain as a condition of any 5G deal, The Sun can reveal.
Senior sources claimed policy chiefs are considering whether the controversial company’s involvement in the multi-billion pound network could be restricted to allay security concerns.
Alamy2 Huawei faces a ban on Britain's 5G network to ease security and spying fears
They may also be limited to a minority stake in any investment.
One told The Sun: “In theory Huawei wouldn’t have anything around Westminster, nuclear power plants or places like GCHQ in Cheltenham.”
Officials at Culture Secretary Jeremy Wright’s department are believed to have discussed the idea with industry earlier this year.
The revelation comes amid growing fury over the leaking of Theresa May’s decision at a National Security Council on Tuesday to allow Huawei to have a role in helping build a future 5G network.
Sources claimed the PM had decided to allow Huawei a “limited” role in non-core infrastructure such as antennae despite opposition from the likes of Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson and Home Secretary Sajid Javid.
HAMM RISKS A U.S. BELTING PHILIP Hammond risked a US clash yesterday after “committing” to China’s Belt and Road.The Chancellor said the initiative, which has funded trains, roads, and ports overseas, had   “tremendous potential to spread prosperity”.
Speaking in Beijing he congratulated President Xi and his people on “the scale of this vision”.
President Trump says the projects are state-directed initiatives with many strings attached.
No10 denied signing any formal commitment.

'SECURITY THREAT'
Donald Trump has called the state-backed Chinese firm a “security threat”.
Chancellor Philip Hammond became the latest Cabinet Minister to deny any role in the leak.
And speaking during a visit to China he said it was “very important we get to the bottom of what happened here”.
He said: “It’s not about the substance of what was apparently leaked – it’s not earth-shattering information – but it is important that we protect the principle that nothing goes on in National Security Council meetings must ever be repeated outside the room.”
Cabinet Secretary Sir Mark Sedwill launched a leak inquiry on Thursday – and told Ministers to confess or deny any involvement.
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe 
Lord O’Donnell – a former head of the civil service – yesterday branded the leak a “complete outrage”. And he said the move could change the whole framework of how the government is managed.
Former Tory Attorney General Dominic Grieve said he was convinced the leak was a result of someone on leadership manoeuvres.
The Sun revealed Gavin Williamson had blamed Whitehall mandarins for the leak – pointing the finger at Cabinet Office civil servants.
The Sun Says
WHO cares who leaked the Government’s Huawei decision? No one outside the Westminster bubble.
The fact is it has done us a favour.
Letting a tech giant linked to the ­Chinese state build our new 5G network — in defiance of our vital “Five Eyes” security allies — is a mistake the public has a right to know about.
True, National Security Council meetings should not leak. But it’s not the first time. And no damage has been done.
The frenzied hunt to expose the mole is absurd. It smacks of a Government with nothing better to do, what with Brexit stalled.
And we don’t recall this hysteria when Cabinet Secretary Mark Sedwill’s “secret” dire warnings about a No Deal exit were handed to a newspaper.
Funny, that.

Alamy2 Huawei will be limited to a minority stake in investment and banned in areas like GCHQ
Spying fears over Huawei 50x super-zoom feature that turns your phone into 'portable telescope'


GOT a story? RING The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk


 

