Vladimir Putin demands the West ‘stop intimidating North Korea’ despite crackpot Kim Jong-un launching a missile that landed just 60 miles off Russia
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3564950/vladimir-putin-russia-north-korea-intimidation/
15th May 2017, 12:25 pm
VLADIMIR Putin waded into the North Korea crisis this morning and told Donald Trump: 'Stop bullying Kim.'
Russia's ironman leader warned the "intimidation" of Kim Jong-un's regime must end.
EPA4 Vladimir Putin has fired a warning over "intimidating" North Korea
Reuters4 Kim Jong-un has observed a number of missile tests in recent months

He said: "We must stop intimidating North Korea and find a peaceful solution to this problem."
But Vlad also had words of warning for the wannabe nuclear state - telling Kim he must not build his nuclear arsenal.
One test landed within 60 miles of Russia's Far Eastern coast on Saturday night.
most read in newsDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' PARENTS' WORST NIGHTMARE Boy, 4, found dead by his mum after being electrocuted by lamp 'LOVED LIFE' 'Free spirit' student, 21, dies in hotel after 2 bottles of Prosecco & cocaine TILL TOLL Shoppers could soon be charged 1p to use automatic tills ExclusiveULTIMAYTE BETRAYAL Theresa May faces new coup after second EU referendum gamble backfires 
At a meeting on his state visit to China, Putin added: "We are categorically against the expansion of the club of nuclear powers.
"We consider [the missile test] counter-productive, harmful and dangerous."
Despot Kim is trying to fit a nuclear warhead to one of his ballistic missiles - the largest of which it is feared could hit the US.
Following the latest test, a White House statement said: "With the missile impacting so close to Russian soil – in fact, closer to Russia than to Japan – the President cannot imagine that Russia is pleased.
“North Korea has been a flagrant menace for far too long. South Korea and Japan have been watching this situation closely with us.

Getty Images4 Donald Trump's White House team issued a statement saying Russia "would not be pleased" about Kim's latest test
AP:Associated Press4 TV image allegedly showing the test launch were broadcast on North Korean TV today
“The United States maintains our ironclad commitment to stand with our allies in the face of the serious threat posed by North Korea.
“Let this latest provocation serve as a call for all nations to implement far stronger sanctions against North Korea.”
Russian President Vladimir Putin is currently in Beijing for a two-day ‘Belt and Road’ conference hosted by Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Officials in Japan and South Korea were quick to slam the test. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe branded the missile “totally unacceptable” and a “grave threat” to Tokyo.
He said: "We strongly protest against North Korea."


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 

