If you think legalising drugs is a good idea, look at this zombie high on Spice and think of the children
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3129013/if-you-think-legalising-drugs-is-a-good-idea-look-at-this-zombie-high-on-spice-and-think-of-the-children/
20th March 2017, 2:36 am
IN a photo that could have been a still from Shaun Of The Dead or any horror movie, a young man dressed in filthy sports gear slumps forward, hands on his thighs, resembling a zombie.
The picture was shot in Manchester but the reason this young man was reduced to a trance-like state was due to the work of a scientist in the United States.
10 Tis man is reduced to a trance-like state after taking Spice
The scientist, John Huffman, a three-times married father of four, created the super-strength synthetic cannabis called Spice in his lab at Clemson University in South ­Carolina.
Although today it blights the lives of young people in both Britain and around the world, it all started so innocently. Huffman was simply investigating the receptors in the human brain that responded to ­tetrahydrocannabinol, the key ­ingredient in cannabis.
He made synthetic compounds and wrote detailed research papers to ensure he received further grants for his work. Huffman named each one with his own initials JWH.
www.kobal-collection.com10 The scene could be straight out of Shaun of the Dead but it's actually drug-induced
He claims he was “experimenting for good” but now recognises the deadly danger of Spice and wants it banned globally — but wrongly, in my view, believes cannabis should be legal.
Spice was made illegal in the UK last year but there have only been 72 prosecutions with 332 shops banned from selling it and 31 shops closed down.
It has not halted the trade, with the Sunday Times finding more than 40 websites offering ­different forms of the drug including one prepared to sell £80,000-worth without a check.
Asked if he had tried the drug, Huffman replied: “Lord, no.”

MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
Spice is rampant in our jails and, with the ease with which it can now be manufactured, is likely to create more addicts on our streets.
I know our politicians are taking this threat seriously but there are always siren voices explaining why the liberal view is best.
To those people can I suggest they look at the photo of the young man in Manchester and ask: Would you like one of your children reduced to a zombie?
I think I know the answer already. Don’t you?
 
Tax is up and fat cats win
PA:Press Association10 Fair enough if council tax has to increase to deal with the costs of caring for elderly people
I’M steaming mad. Like you, I have been told council tax bills MUST rise next month to deal with the cost of social care for the elderly.
Fair enough.
What nobody told me was that councillors round my way (and possibly round yours) were going to take advantage of the hike to award themselves 12.4 per cent pay rises from May while pegging council staff to just two per cent.
What made it even more outrageous was my council Elmbridge – it covers snooty Weybridge, Esher and Walton on Thames in Surrey – is controlled by residents’ associations and Lib Dims.
They sell themselves as representatives of ordinary people, not fat cats exploiting their position.
Clearly that script will have to be rewritten.
Alamy10 But it's frustrating to see my local councillors give themselves a pay rise out of the money
To give them credit, the Conservative opposition were horrified and voted against the rise of £547 to £4,942. And so much for pretending to worry about the old dears in the area as the councillors have raised the price of day centre meals by six per cent.
Having stood twice as an independent – and been rejected twice – I know some of the characters with their noses in the trough and have even contributed heavily to the election expenses of a couple of them. I won’t be making that mistake again.
Be interested to hear if your local councillors are seeing themselves right in the 4.99 per cent council tax increase.
Do send details to kelvin@ the-sun.co.uk.
 
A pain in the RIAS
Getty Images10 Readers are saving on their car insurance thanks to my site A Spokesman Said
I’VE done it again. Column reader Michael Clegg from Belfast emails the following tribute: “Just writing to say thanks to A ­Spokesman Said.
“I received my home insurance renewal from RIAS for £527.61. I went on your site and received 31 cheaper quotes and settled for Hastings, saving £326.96. I saved another £100 on my car.”
Happy to help, Michael. By the way, do keep clear of the brokers Premium Choice who increased the car insurance of an 18-year-old by a ­whopping £5,000.
As I reported last week she cut it to £1,028 by using A ­Spokesman Said.
Premium’s explanation to me was a mixture of deceit and dissembling. If they don’t like my attitude they could always sue. I look forward to the writ.
Do send your ­saving ­stories to ­kelvin@the-sun.co.uk.
 
George doomed to fail
PA:Press Association10 George Osborne is set up to lose at the Evening Standard, which is currently haemorrhaging money
THANKS to my spies who have been searching the waste-paper basket of the CFO’s office at the London Evening Standard, I now know why George Osborne was chosen as editor.
Last year the Standard made a healthy £3.4million profit. But this year the forecast is a £4million loss, with that figure doubling to £8million in 2018 because advertising in print is forecast to continue its downward spiral.
With no cover price – the Standard is free – the slightest of movements in advertising has a horrendous effect on the annual profit and loss statement. And that’s where Osbo comes in.
It’s not his skill in journalism (he hasn’t any) nor having mates at the top table (he no longer has any) that made him a shoo-in for the job, but the fact that as Chancellor he was used to looking at mammoth losses all day long – and blaming somebody else for them.
A perfect CV for being editor of the Standard.
As with his old job it will, I confidently predict, end in tears.
 
Night Nightly Show
Rex Features10 The Nightly Show's poor performance is bringing down ITV's day viewing figures too
GET ready to say night night to ITV’s p**s-poor Nightly Show.
It hit rock bottom with Davina McCall bringing in just 990,000 ­saddos but had one other strange effect – it reduced the ­audience of the network’s breakfast show Good Morning Britain some nine hours later.
An insider tells me that with viewers seeking news at 10pm and ITV giving them tosh, instead they’re switching to the BBC and then ­toddle off to bed leaving the set tuned to the Beeb.
So in the morning the ­audience can’t be bothered to switch over, stay with the BBC and damage ITV’s daytime figures.
Genius, pure genius.
 
The Effing Sandwich Shop
10 This punny sandwich shop made me chuckle
CAFE in Effingham Road, Sheffield – Effing Sandwich Shop.
Plumber’s van in Spain – Tubbs, Boggs And Boyler.
Window cleaners in­ ­Haywards Heath, West Sussex – A Glass Act.
Sports massage firm in Wigan – Knot A Problem.
On the back of a safari bus in South Africa – Dung Beetles Really Know Their S**t.
Fish merchants in Farnborough, Hants – Offish Supplies.
Plumbing firm in Chingford, Essex – The Great Drain Robbers.
Carpenters in Brighton, East Sussex – Wooden It Be Nice.
Chinese in Romford, Essex – Ho Lee Fook.
Another Chinese in Burnage, Manchester – Wok And Roll.
Hairdressers in Wigan – Style Council.
Love the punnies. Do send more to ­kelvin@the-sun.co.uk.
 
Slut drop shame
Facebook10 'Slut dropping' has found notoriety after model Sophie Taylor was spotted with Prince William - but it's not always this sexy
THE slut drop dance move has come to global prominence thanks to ski beauty Sophie Taylor performing it for (or on) Prince William at a ­Swiss nightclub.
Kate must have been sooooo pleased to hear ­William had such a good time with an attractive blonde in her twenties whose breasts have gone round the world.
The first I heard of the expression was last autumn when attending a family wedding in upstate New York where a guest had been told of the dance by his 13-year-old daughter.
The guest, a portly chap, tried to explain to me how the dance worked but I didn’t quite get it so he ­performed it for me. He went down as though it was the twist from the Sixties but ­suddenly there was a ­tremendous ripping noise.
His trousers had exploded under the ­pressure and were torn asunder from the nether regions right up to the waist with only his belt holding them up.
Forget the slut drop – his was the b****** drop.
 
Beastly reaction to innocent Disney film
AP:Associated Press10 Disney is right to refuse to distribute in Malaysia after politicians demanded they cut out a gay scene
DELIGHTED to see that Disney has told the Muslims running Malaysia they are to pull the release of Beauty And The Beast rather than cut four ­minutes and 38 ­seconds of the movie with a gay element.
Hunting round for an argument, one Malaysian ­politician claimed ­Disney would have made the cut if the demand had come from bigger markets like Russia, China or the US.
Only anti-gay ­Muslim countries like Malaysia would dream of censoring this innocent film.
The more you learn of Islam, the more medieval it appears.

