Who are Stavros Flatley? Father and son Demi and Lagi Demetriou who starred in Britain’s Got Talent and Sugar Free Farm
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/2579073/stavros-flatley-britains-got-talent-demi-lagi-demetriou/
6th March 2017, 8:52 am
HILARIOUS father and son act Stavros Flatley shot to fame on Britain's Got Talent in 2009, but hit headlines for very different reasons eight years later.
The Sun exclusively revealed that Lagi Demetriou, now 20, has been arrested over an alleged cannabis factory.
ITV8 Prior to appearing on the show, dad Demi Demetriou owned a Greek restaurant
Who are Stavros Flatley?
The lovable duo - Demi Demetriou and son Lagi - won the nation’s hearts with their comical Greek version of Michael Flatley’s Lord Of The Dance in Britain’s Got Talent in 2009.
Their unique dancing saw them all the way to the final and prompted Simon Cowell to comment: “Can I just say, this is one of my favourite ever dance acts."
Videos of their performances attracted over ten million hits on YouTube and numerous fan groups started to pop up on Facebook.
Despite their popularity, the pair ended up in fourth place behind Susan Boyle, Diversity and saxophonist Julian Smith.
News Group Newspapers Ltd8 The lovable duo won the nation’s hearts with their comical Greek version of Michael Flatley’s Lord Of The Dance
When was Stavros Flatley on the Royal Variety Show?
After their successful performance on Britain’s Got Talent, the pair found themselves sharing the stage with the likes of Girls Aloud at the 100th Royal Variety Performance.
Appearing in front of the Queen, the dancing duo emerged out of a box comically titled British Talent…Made in Cyprus.
Stavros Flatley then went into a medley of dances alongside performances from other Britain's Got Talent contestants Paul Potts and Diversity.
ITV8 The pair ended up in fourth place in Britain's Got Talent behind Susan Boyle, Diversity and saxophonist Julian Smith
What did Stavros Flatley do after they were on Britain's Got Talent?
Since they charmed everyone with their affectionate bond on the show, the pair toured round Britain in campervan to take their performance on the road.
Lagi even took a year out of school for the road trip, and the pair earned around £3,500 per performance and sometimes did four gigs a week.
The pair have done their routines at over 300 events in the UK and performed at Butlins, Glastonbury, for the England cricket team and in countries such as France, China, Australia, Germany and Greece.
They have also released a book called How To Be A Little Bit Greek and hosted an MTV show.
In total, the pair earned over £500,000 during the trip, which Demi said he was saving for when Lagi and his sister Ellie had grown up.
What TV work have Stavros Flatley done recently?
When they both first appeared on Britain’s Got Talent, the performers prided themselves on jiggling their bellies and embracing their wobbles.
But in January the pair featured in Sugar Free Farm, a reality show in which celebrities became farmers and relinquished sugar.
The performing duo joined the likes of Alison Hammond, Joe Pasquale and Gemma Collins in the mission to improve their diet with the help of nutritionist Hala El-Shafie.
5ft 8in Demi dropped to 13 stone, losing around 3st in just two weeks. Lagi lost a stone
8 Comedy dancing duo Stavros Flatley starred in reality show Sugar Free Farm
Do Stavros Flatley just do dancing?
Aside from touring the country doing their shows, Demi earned money through an electrical business, which went belly up in 2011.
It was reported that electrical firm went into administration, with sub-contractors claiming they were owed £100,000.
He also lost £180,000 of his own cash in the crash, which racked up debts of more than half a million in total.
News Group Newspapers Ltd8 The pair have done their routines at over 300 events in the UK
Why has Lagi Demetriou been arrested?
Police are said to have found marijuana plants worth £56,000 in a flat which Lagi owns in north London.
His dad burst into tears after learning of his son's arrest, a pal told the Sun.
Friends say Lagi used money from his TV fame to invest in the £295,000 top-floor two-bed apartment where the plants were allegedly found.
A friend told the Sun Lagi didn't live in the property and didn't know anything about the alleged cannabis-growing operation.
8
The alleged drugs factory was discovered after neighbours reported water leaking from the flatLagi - who the pal said works as a barber when he's not dancing - is not believed to have ever lived at the apartment and there has been no one registered there since 2013.
Firefighters are said to have discovered the watering system for the alleged cannabis ­factory sprung a leak.
Police confirmed a 20-year-old man had been arrested on suspicion of growing cannabis.
He was bailed until May pending further inquiries.
Andrew Styczynski8 Lagi, now 20, is said to work as a barber when not performing with dad Demi
In 2016 Stavros Flatley were heartbroken after thieves stole a suitcase containing their stage costumes and 40 of their iconic blonde wigs.
Demi made a passionate plea for the return of the case, which included some irreplaceable items.
He told The Sun: “I’m gutted, I can’t believe it. As well as the wigs, there were items of real sentimental value in there, things we had used on Britain’s Got Talent almost seven years ago.
“While a lot of it is replaceable – like the jogging bottoms, weightlifting belts and socks – the gold belts we also wore are from Asda, and they don’t sell them anymore.”

Rex Features8 The dancing duo found fame on Britain's Got Talent in 2009
Who did Stavros Flatley do before they shot to fame?
Demi was raised in London in the area of Oakwood, and at the age of 22, decided to embark on a dream of opening his own Greek restaurant.
He had the idea of performing Irish jigs for customers in the evening, and the concept stood strong until the eatery eventually closed in 2002.
He then rented out the building to tenants and bought his stake in an electrical business called LAGI Contractors.
Demi said he had the idea of entering Britain's Got Talent with his son when he heard they were looking for participants and the pair rehearsed non-stop at home in preparation.

MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZExclusiveDAVINA'S HAIR-O Davina McCall, 51, finds love again with her long-term pal and hairdresser BOYS DON'T CRY Holly Willoughby clashes with Ant Middleton in tense parenting debate THRONE IT OUT THERE Game of Thrones 'told fans who'd win the crown in FIRST ever episode' ExclusiveKatie Sliced Katie Price reveals shocking lipo and bumlift scars after surgery in Turkey No woman was safe Real Gentleman Jack bedded 100s of women & noted romps in sex code diary KATIE'S PAIN Katie Piper in hospital with 'bad infection' as she admits ignoring symptoms 
 
 
 

