Chilling moment jealous barman confesses to battering tragic girlfriend to death with his fists in police interview
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2930416/chilling-moment-jealous-barman-confesses-to-battering-tragic-girlfriend-to-death-with-his-fists-in-police-interview/
22nd February 2017, 6:49 pm
THIS is the chilling moment a jealous barman confessed to battering his tragic girlfriend to death with his fists in a police interview.
Jordan Matthews, 24, physically and verbally abused wealthy Chinese student Xixi Bi for months because he was paranoid she had been cheating on him.
Wales Online6 Jordan Matthews, 24, during police interview where he admitted to being 'half responsible' for his girlfriend Xixi Bi's murder
6 Matthews told cops he had punched her 'pretty, pretty hard' during a row
The martial arts enthusiast was jailed for life yesterday and will serve a minimum of 18 years behind bars before being considered for parole.
In a harrowing police interview, Matthews told cops he was "half responsible" for the murder in which he admits dragging her across the floor and punching her "pretty, pretty hard".
He tells detectives: "I think I'm half responsible fro the death of Xixi Bi because of something that happened after what I did.
"After me and Xixi had an argument - it wasn't even that big - I did throw her onto the sofa once.
"But that was because I wanted to ask her, when she came into the living room to grab a packet of fags, she said she wanted one and I said this really isn't the time to be sitting down having a cigarette.
"Which is when I pushed her onto the sofa.
"It wasn't very long at all I was asking her what she was doing, where she had been, who she'd been with and she just would not tell me.
"So I grabbed her by the front of her T-shirt with two hands and I picked her off the sofa and then I dragged her with one hand around the sofa and then threw her into the bedroom.
"I picked her up from there and threw her into the cabinet. I picked her up from there and I punched her in the stomach.
"She said something really, really - I can't put my finger on it because I was picking her up - I didn't really catch it apart from the last bit.
Wales News Service6 After their relationship began, Matthews allegedly began beating Xixi and forcing her to miss lectures
Wales News Service6 Xixi Bi, 24, was killed by Jordan Matthews, 23, in a "vicious, sustained and prolonged attack"
"I just lost it the moment she said to me... I can't remember. It was something to do with her friend Ivy, I swear.
"Then after she said that I instantly punched her pretty, pretty hard in the solar plex area around here [demonstrates towards stomach].
"She instantly, pretty much bent over and dropped to the floor.
"I held her up with my hands in front, under her arms, after I punched her and I could see that I had hurt her so I apologised to her.
"After that we sat on the bed and she had a little bit of water because she was thirsty and she split it everywhere, the first cup.
"Then she literally necked four in a row of half pints of water. One after another. She wasn't even breathing I promise you.
"I think that's why she tipped it everywhere the first time. She was so thirsty she was shaking."
Matthews struck Miss Bi, who moved to the UK from China to study aged 15, with dozens of blows after seeing what he wrongly believed to be a message from the dating app Tinder on her phone.
Miss Bi, also 24, suffered 41 injuries including massive bruising and multiple fractures in the prolonged assault that started at 1.30am on August 19 last year at their flat in Llandaff, Cardiff, South Wales.
At 8.30am she collapsed due to complications from her injuries, which included a broken jaw and ribs, and Matthews called 999.
Matthews, of Ely Road, Cardiff, who told police he was a black belt in karate but later admitted that was not true, pleaded guilty to manslaughter but denied murder.
RELATED STORIES‘I saw my siblings receive horrific beatings’ Woman who escaped her dad’s cult says he turned people into murderers 'IT’S A TRAVESTY' Fury of San Bernardino victim’s dad after Islamic extremist who supplied mass murderers with machine guns dodges life sentence 'I SAW HIS INTESTINES FALL OUT' Woman who cut open her lover and pulled out his intestines after four-hour sex session is CLEARED of attempted murder STALKED TO DEATH Kim Jong-un’s playboy brother’s flashy Facebook posts may have been tracked by assassins for YEARS before airport murder RevealedHe loved Disneyland and casinos These are the most bizarre rumours about the life of Kim Jong-un’s murdered brother KATIE ROUGH TRIAL Teen given life sentence for seven-year-old Katie Rough's manslaughter 
But when doctors examined Miss Bi's body they found evidence of nine previous rib fractures and a healing jaw fracture - all inflicted by Matthews.
Bruises from the fresh injuries covered at least a third of her body and were so extensive one paramedic thought she had been dead for some time, the court heard.
A jury rejected his claim he had not intended to hurt Miss Bi and found him guilty of murder.
Sentencing him at Cardiff Crown Court on Tuesday, Mrs Justice Nicola Davies said the assault was the "tragic culmination" of a course of physical and verbal abuse over a number of months.
She said of Miss Bi's inability to speak out about what was happening to her, even while in hospital with injuries inflicted by Matthews: "Nothing better demonstrates the fear that you engendered in this educated and intelligent young woman than her inability to tell of your abusive conduct."
Mrs Justice Davies said Miss Bi was "no physical match" for Matthews and added: "You lied and lied again in order to attempt to exculpate yourself from the overwhelming evidence which was that during the early hours of August 19 2016 your relentlessly and remorselessly inflicted physical injury upon a defenceless young woman."
Wales News Service6 Xixi suffered dozens of injuries including multiple broken ribs, a broken jaw and severe bruising
Mrs Justice Davies outlined the abusive relationship between Matthews and Miss Bi from when they met in April 2015, describing Miss Bi as "a generous and loving young woman".
"When you met Xixi you were unemployed," she said.
"She was the daughter of wealthy parents living in China.
"Xixi provided you with a home, clothing, she bought a car for you. You took what she gave."
Mrs Justice Davies described how as the months went on, friends and Xixi's brother, Zexun, saw her become quieter, thinner and more withdrawn and how neighbours heard Matthews shouting at her.
They told the court they heard him say things such as: "I don't want to do this, I've got to punish you for what you have done," and: "If you don't suck my dick I'm going to hit you."
Miss Bi was seen to have black eyes and was forced to resit a year of her course after missing deadlines.
Wales News Service6 She also had healing fractures to alleged previous attacks
Representing Matthews, Christopher Henley QC said Matthews was "sincerely sorry".
"He misses her, he loved her, but he accepts that the way he treated her was atrocious," he said.
He added that a statement from Matthews' mother said there had been "serious domestic violence" in his childhood.
Mr Bi said in a victim impact statement, read out in court, that his sister had been due to run their family's multimillion-pound company.
He said: "She was intelligent and had the whole world in front of her.
"All this taken from her, due to Jordan Matthews and his selfish and violent attack on my sister... the heart has been ripped out of our family."

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

 

