First China to UK train arrives in London loaded with millions of SOCKS
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2646208/first-china-to-uk-train-arrives-in-london-socks/
18th January 2017, 3:36 pm
THE FIRST-EVER freight train service from China to the UK has arrived in Britain - with its cargo of millions of socks.
The service completed its 7,500-mile journey at Barking’s rail freight terminal in East London, earlier today.
Getty Images8 The first-ever freight train from Chine to the UK arrived in Barking earlier today
PA:Press Association8 Service completed its 7,500-mile journey at Barking’s rail freight Terminal in East London
EPA8 Train set off on New Year's Day carrying £4million worth of goods
The 18-day trip saw 34 containers pass through seven countries including Kazakhstan, Russia, Belarus, Poland, Germany, Belgium and France before entering the UK via the Channel Tunnel.
It set off from Yiwu railway station in Zhejiang Province, China, on New Year’s Day carrying £4million worth of goods including socks and suitcases.
A number of different locomotives and wagons were used as the railways of the former Soviet Union states have a larger rail gauge than the other countries involved.
The service is cheaper than air freight and faster than sending goods by sea.
Weekly trains will initially be run to assess demand.
RELATED STORIESALL ABOARD THE ORIENT SOCK-PRESS World’s first China to UK train sets off from Beijing loaded with millions of SOCKS Trading blows Close adviser to Donald Trump vows US would win devastating trade war with China China footie cash is dim sum UK sending £3million of 'aid' to boost football in China - as country bids fortunes to lure our top stars COLD WAR-STYLE SPENDING Trump orders massive £4bn investment in US navy fleet amid fears of war with China and Russia CHINA'S TRUMP THREAT Beijing will 'take revenge' on Trump if he goes back on One-China policy, state-run paper claims 
China Railway already has freight services to a number of European destinations, including Hamburg and Madrid.
They are part of China's One Belt, One Road programme of reviving the ancient Silk Road trading routes to the West, initially created more than 2,000 years ago.
Mike White, group operations director of Brunel Project Cargo, which is involved in the London service, told Railway Gazette: "The new service has a very quick transit time."
He added: "We believe this is going to change the way a lot of forwarders and shippers view their imports and exports for China."
BBC8 Crowds were on hand to greet the locomotive at the end of its historic journey
Google8 It will arrive in Barking, London after 18 days
PA:Press Association8 The train is part of an initiative by Chinese leader Xi Jinping pictured with PM Theresa May to improve trade with China and Europe
Yiwu in Zhejiang Province, China, is known for producing train carried goods such as socks household items, garments, cloth, bags and suitcases.
The Chinese government is keen to boost its economy in the face of slowing export and economic growth.
Under the ‘One Belt, One Road’ strategy, there are currently 39 routes linking 16 Chinese cities to 12 European cities.
It is hoped that the new service will improve China-Britain trade ties and strengthen connectivity with western Europe.
Getty Images8 The world's first China to UK freight train set off from China on New Year's day
8 The route service from China to the UK: The service will pass through seven countries before arriving in London


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368


