First China to UK train sets off from Beijing bound for London loaded with millions of SOCKS
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2538326/first-china-to-uk-train-beijing-dagenham-socks/
4th January 2017, 11:37 pm
THE WORLD'S first China to Britain freight train has set off loaded with millions of socks - as part of its drive to develop trade and investment ties with Europe.
The 7,500-mile journey by a China Railway Corporation train will passes through seven countries in order to reach London in just 18 days.
Getty Images5 The world's first China to UK freight train will set off from Beijing on Sunday
5 The route service from China to the UK: The service will pass through seven countries before arriving in London
It set off from Yiwu railway station in Zhejiang Province, China, on Sunday and is stuffed with £4million worth of goods including socks and suitcases.
The service will pass through Kazakhstan, Russia, Belarus, Poland, Germany, Belgium and France before arriving at Barking Rail Freight Terminal in East London, which is directly connected to the High Speed 1 rail line to the European mainland.
China Railway already runs services between China and other European cities, including Madrid and Hamburg.
Google5 It will arrive in Barking, London after 18 days
PA:Press Association5 The train is part of an initiative by Chinese leader Xi Jinping pictured with PM Theresa May to improve trade with China and Europe
London will become the fifteenth European city to join what the Chinese government calls the New Silk Route.
It is part of Chinese leader Xi Jinping's 'One Belt, One Road' strategy designed to improve trade and investment between China and Europe.
Jamie Banks of the Barking and Dagenham Chamber of Commerce told the Barking and Dagenham Post that the news hit him like a "bolt from the blue".
He added: "I couldn't believe when I first heard it. It's really, really interesting, it will put Barking on the map and generate more business in Barking and Dagenham."
RELATED STORIESCommentJEREMY CLARKSON Help fight the Government’s plan to silence the free Press – and save your own freedom OH MAO! Cycle around old city walls, cruise the Yulong and brush up on t'ai chi... how to do China the right way true brit Britain is the 'world's second-most powerful country' beating China, Russia and France, experts reveal NO GO AMAVI Jordan Amavi wanted in China for £25m...but Aston Villa owner insists he's going nowhere VideoBOOM TOWN Haunting images show inside radioactive city '404' where China tested nuclear bombs during the Cold War 
Yiwu in Zhejiang Province, China, is known for producing train carried goods such as socks household items, garments, cloth, bags and suitcases.
The Chinese government is keen to boost its economy in the face of slowing export and economic growth.
Rex Features5 Yiwu West Railway Station: The China-Europe container trains have become a major transportation channel of the international logistics industry
Under the 'One Belt, One Road' strategy, there are currently 39 routes linking 16 Chinese cities to 12 European cities.
It is hoped that the new service will improve China-Britain trade ties and strengthen connectivity with western Europe.


We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368


