China’s deputy PM will send team to London to sign off contracts worth billions
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8942684/china-deputy-pm-trade-contracts-london/
26th April 2019, 2:33 am
CHINA’S deputy PM yesterday agreed to send a top level delegation to London this June to sign off billions of pounds of business deals – just 48 hours after the Huawei leak.
Chancellor Philip Hammond sealed the visit from Hu Chunhua as he risked controversy by championing Beijing’s controversial Belt and Road programme.
Reuters2 Chancellor Philip Hammond secured a future visit to the UK with China's deputy PM Hu Chunhua
Trade officials from the economic superpower will jet into the capital this summer for the tenth Economic and Financial Dialogue (EFD) conference between the two countries
China is expected to lift its bans on British poultry and cosmetics which have not been tested on animals, at the talks.
If they are signed off this summer, they will open up access to markets worth an estimated £10.2billion over five years.
The trade talks were due to be held earlier this year.
But The Sun exclusively revealed that China pulled the plug on them after Defence Secretary Gavin
Williamson threatened to send aircraft carrier into China’s backyard - enraging Beijing.
Mr Hammond hailed the agreement, saying: “Chinese Vice Premier Hu Chunhua and I have agreed the UK will host the 10th UK-China Economic Financial Dialogue in London, mid-June.
“Past dialogues have agreed billions in commercial deals for both countries.”
MOST READ IN POLITICSExclusiveSAJ'S MIGRATION BID Sajid Javid to scrap £30,000 minimum salary threshold for EU migrants ACID THREAT Nigel Farage should have had ACID thrown on him, Labour supporter says LatestSHAKEDOWN 'Radicalised Remainer' who threw £5.25 milkshake at Farage charged with assault BORIS BOMBSHELL Boris Johnson is biggest threat to Jeremy Corbyn, Labour voters fear RevealedMILK MANIAC Nigel Farage milkshake attacker is a fanatical Remainer and Corbyn fan 'TOO LATE' Ofcom slammed for waiting until THIRD death before launching reality show probe 
A source close to the talks told The Sun: “It is hugely significantly they have agreed this.
“In the past this forum has led to billions of pounds worth of deals being done.
“We want to reinstate the golden era of relations.”
EPA2 Mr Hammond says 'past dialogues have agreed billions in commercial deals for both countries' as a source says the UK wants to 'reinstate the golden era of relations'
Donald Trump aide John Bolton says Britain will be 'top of the queue' for US trade deal after Brexit


GOT a story? RING The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk



