Global recession fears as experts warn ‘pessimism and uncertainty’ is dragging the world towards catastrophic downturn
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/8251947/global-recession-fears-uncertainty-downturn/
22nd January 2019, 11:55 am
A LEADING financial expert has warned "pessimism and uncertainty" are dragging the world towards an economic slump.
Bob Moritz, global chairman of consultancy giant PwC,  fears there will be a world-wide downturn if the slowdowns in China, America or Europe ripple round the globe.
Getty - Contributor2 Bob Moritz fears there will be a world-wide economic slump

He told Sky News the world was now "too integrated" for there not to be a knock-on effect from the ongoing problems in "the US, China, Brexit, or the EU".
He said: "I think you have signs of risk of a potential downturn. Look at the investment that the Chinese have made in their Belt and Road initiative. If they retrench, then it has an impact.




"There is a contagion and contingency. There is a lot of populism and nationalism in the world at the moment but we don't operate in silos. Big changes will have ramifications for the whole world."
Mr Moritz was speaking in Davos, Switzerland, at the World Economic Forum.





His company -  PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) - is a multinational professional services network with its HQ in London.
It employs 250,000 people in more than 150 countries around the world, offering advice on accountancy, tax and corporate management.
PESSIMISM AND UNCERTAINTY GO 'HAND IN HAND'
The company also conducts an annual review of attitudes among chief executives based around the world.
"We had the opportunity to interview 1300 CEOs from around the world. This year it is very clear that the level of pessimism has increased," he revealed.
"It has done a 180-degree turn from last year. Plus their confidence in the economy has come down. There is still confidence, but the degree of that confidence has waned.
"The results of our survey are closely correlated with what GDP growth looks like. When one goes down, so the other one tends to go down. So it's a concern.
"The question is what impact that fall in confidence has on these chief executives' businesses and what they will do."
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
Mr Moritz added that "pessimism and uncertainty go hand in hand" and that both were now clear to see.
"They push each other along - pessimism leads to uncertainty, and vice versa. Both of them go back to confidence in whether chief executives are willing to invest, what they do and how they do it," he said.
"But it also talks to how government officials serve their stakeholders, who are the voters. It's about whether they do what's best for the countries they represent, whether they have the confidence to make hard decisions."
Getty - Contributor2 Markets are already nervous about a possible global downturn
Astonishing graphic shows how China is closing in on US GDP lead as India's economy grows ever fast too

