David Cameron swerves Brexit chaos to ‘negotiate trade deals’ for PRIVATE company in China
https://www.thesun.co.uk/https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7838673/david-cameron-trade-deals-private-china-brexit/
27th November 2018, 3:06 pm
FORMER Prime Minister David Cameron has dodged the Brexit chaos currently engulfing Britain with a visit to China designed to drum up investment.
Cameron, who resigned after initiating the Brexit referendum then losing it to the Leave vote, recently took on a new job seeking backers for a new £1billion investment fund.
Reuters4 Former PM David Cameron pictured meeting with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang today
Today he was pictured meeting with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, one of the leading economic members of the country's Politburo.
Cameron's trip comes as Westminster continues to tear itself apart over the details of his successor Theresa May's proposed Brexit deal.
A report by China's Xinhua News Agency revealed the pair agreed to continue the "golden era" of China-UK trade.
Although Cameron's work heading up the new investment fund wasn't mentioned, the trip was likely linked. A spokesperson for the former PM did not respond to a request for comment.
Reuters4 Mr Cameron's trip comes as Westminster continues to tear itself apart over Brexit
Reuters4 Mr Cameron was reportedly in China to negotiate investment opportunities between the two countries
The report also stated China was ready to "further tap" into potential investment opportunities - something Cameron requires to get the new firm up and running.
Just last month it emerged Hu Bing, a former executive at China's sovereign wealth fund, was being lined up to operate the venture's China arm.
According to Sky News, Cameron believes this appointment could help him generate hundreds of millions of pounds for the fund.
The fund Mr Cameron is working on behalf of has been endorsed by both the Chinese and British governments but no taxpayer money will be invested.
In a joint statement issued earlier this year, China and Britain declared: "The fund will be led by a number of institutions in the UK and China, with the involvement of former prime minister, The Rt Hon David Cameron, and will be established and operated on a commercial and market-orientated basis," the FT reported.
"It will invest in innovative, sustainable and consumption-driven growth opportunities in the UK, China and third markets to create employment and boost trade links, supporting the Belt and Road Initiative."
It comes as May's plan to solve the Brexit standoff - which she inherited from Cameron - was labelled a "surrender" and "dead as a dodo" by MPs.
Reuters4 Mr Cameron was the architect of the Brexit referendum but resigned after the country voted Leave
MOST READ IN NEWSDYING WISH Single mum loses fight with cancer after asking family 'Look after my boys' ExclusiveROO'S FURY Wayne Rooney livid after bro filmed looking pally in pub loo with Tommy Robinson ZAPPED TO DEATH Toddler killed after putting phone charger in mouth while plugged into wall 'RAPE' RAP Oritse Williams' manager admits touching 'zombified' girl as 'star raped her' WarningMOB JUSTICE Furious crowds strip female ‘shoplifters’ naked, batter them and cut their hair COT CLOTS Celebs' pics of babies sleeping in unsafe conditions 'fuelling cot death rise' 
And potential leadership rival Dominic Raab told The Sun it was a "bad deal" that should be voted down by Parliament.
Former Defence Secretary Michael Fallon described it as "a huge gamble" and Labour’s Yvette Cooper warned it could entail a "massive security downgrade".
PM Theresa May is asked if she has a Plan B if her Brexit deal is rejected by MPs

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.


