Chickens have better lives in Thailand and Brazil than Britain, says RSPCA
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1326657/RSPCA-say-chickens-better-lives-Thailand-Brazil-Britain.html
 08:07 BST, 5 November 2010 
Chickens have better lives in Thailand and Brazil than Britain, says RSPCA By Sean Poulter, Consumer Affairs Editor   Updated: 08:07 BST, 5 November 2010    


              54 View  comments   The RSPCA has been accused of a ‘shocking’ betrayal of British farmers after it said chickens had a better life on farms in Thailand and Brazil. UK producers are under huge pressure from imported poultry which is shipped thousands of miles to our supermarkets. Most of the meat ends up in ready meals, shop-bought sandwiches, deli counters and in restaurants, without its origins being clearly declared. Britain’s factory chicken farms have long been criticised for the way birds are crammed into dimly lit barns, each holding as many as 20,000.       Disturbing images: Footage released by the animal activists Viva of male baby chicks on the conveyor belt of death. The regime is designed to encourage super-fast growth, with the birds reaching their slaughter weight of around 4lb 6oz in just 35 days. Such is the speed of growth that they can suffer broken bones and develop lung and heart problems, sometimes leading to death. But British farmers have traded on the idea that welfare in this country is superior. Their claims were wrecked yesterday by Dr Marc Cooper, an RSPCA animal welfare scientist, who has visited farms in Thailand and Brazil in the past year.  He said Thai poultry had more space – around 13.5 chickens per square metre, compared with 20 in basic UK production.        'The birds are also allowed to grow for longer, 42 days, giving their bodies a better chance to develop normally. And they are given more rest, with some six hours of darkness rather than the four they have here.  Dr Cooper said: ‘Based on what we saw, it would be safer to make the opposite assumption and say that chicken that’s come from Thailand has been reared to a higher welfare standard than the standard industry chicken you would buy here. ‘It’s the same for Brazil. The production there is more variable, but again, it would be incorrect to assume that the chicken that’s coming in from overseas is being reared to a lower standard.’RSPCA officials last night insisted that they were not criticising all UK farmers. They said chickens reared as free range, organic or under the RSPCA’s Freedom Food system will have lived in better conditions than those in Thailand or Brazil.But Charles Bourns, a chicken farmer and senior figure on the National Farmers Union poultry committee, said: ‘I was just very shocked by these comments. He is supposed to be working closely with British farmers, but this is completely at odds with that. He seems to be going out of his way to promote imports.‘This is a real kick in the teeth for farmers. It is just unnecessary.’He continued: ‘The RSPCA appears to have a very blinkered view on welfare. All its judgments are based around stocking density, which is just one part of the picture. We have a highly trained workforce and welfare is down to the person who looks after them, more than anything else.’Mr Bourns said lower stocking densities in Brazil and Thailand were a response to hotter weather, rather than evidence of improved standards. He added that the number of birds put into barns is reduced in this country when temperatures rise.He said foreign farmers were allowed to use growth-promoting drugs and antibiotics which are banned in Britain and Europe. They also benefited from the fact that processing costs are a fraction of those in this country.
