Stop, or face the chop: The karate expert lollipop lady grandmother who is ready to mete out tough justice
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1292066/Ena-Mallett-Karate-expert-lollipop-lady-grandmother-gets-7th-dan-black-belt.html
 09:47 BST, 5 July 2010 
Stop, or face the chop: The karate expert lollipop lady grandmother who is ready to mete out tough justice By Daily Mail Reporter   Updated: 09:47 BST, 5 July 2010    


              16 View  comments   Motorists beware! A karate expert lollipop lady is ready to deal with inconsiderate drivers after getting an historic martial arts award at the age of 77.Grandmother Ena Mallett is the first woman ever to get a 7th dan black belt in Spirit Combat International ju-jitsu.The widowed mother-of-two teaches weekly classes in the sport for children and adults at the village hall near her home in South Walsham, Norfolk.      Historic honour: 77-year-old lollipop lady Ena Mallett has become the first woman to earn a 7th dan black belt in Spirit Combat karate She also helps out out twice a day as a lollipop lady helping children cross outside the village school.Mrs Mallett started learning karate to keep fit in 1979 and became a Spirit Combat International instructor in 1987.     Karate expert: Mrs Mallett started learning karate in 1979 and has been an instructor since 1987 Despite being only 5 ft 4 ins tall, she can throw around much larger opponents using self-defence techniques.She said: 'I might be getting on a bit - but I still get stuck in myself during lessons. I don't just teach from the sidelines.'I can still deal with any big bloke who comes along. I am not treated any different to anyone else.'The children at the school all know about my ju-jitsu skills and they think it is brilliant. A lot of them come to my classes.'Mrs Mallett has only used her martial arts skills once in a real-life situation, when she out a 14-year-old boy in a wrist lock around seven-years-ago. She grabbed hold of the teenager to stop him stealing a packet of Polo mints while she was working part-time in a local shop.She said: 'It gave him the shock of his life and he quickly dropped the mints. I let him go and he ran away.'Spirit combat is all about using self control - but you have to be prepared for violence to defend yourself. I love teaching it and I certainly have no plans to give it up. I don't see why I should put my feet up.'She also teaches more sedate ladies' keep fit classes and relaxes by dog walking and gardening.  
