Unknown element to Goodall's big break
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/aap/article-6420567/Unknown-element-Goodalls-big-break.html
 05:36 BST, 23 November 2018 
 Joe Goodall's planned push towards a world title belt is far clearer than who he'll actually be fighting next Friday at Suncorp Stadium. The Brisbane-based heavyweight will contest his fifth professional bout on the Horn v Mundine card, having won all four previous fights with first-round knock outs. Cronulla veteran Paul Gallen was initially in Goodall's sights but a shoulder injury to the NRL star has put that encounter on ice. Match-ups with New Zealand, Mexican and Argentinian opponents were established then scrapped, leaving the 26-year-old with a mystery match-up next week. "I believe he's from Cameroon I think he's 3-1 (in wins and losses) or something, but apparently a tough guy," trainer Glenn Rushton said. "I'm looking forward to that fight and again Joe Goodall doing what he always does and that is putting people away." From the same gym as good friend and former world champion Horn, Goodall's imposing physique and quick feet have already netted him Commonwealth Games silver in Glasgow and world amateur championship bronze in Hamburg. That bronze was Australia's first medal at the world titles for 26 years, with his split decision semi-final loss coming against the same man that stopped English superstar Anthony Joshua to win a maiden world title six years prior. Tipped to win gold at his home Commonwealth Games earlier this year, Goodall didn't even make the team after bombing in the trials loss that still mystifies the man himself. Now happily in the professional ranks, Rushton has charted a four-year journey to the top but says, just like it did for Horn, it could happen sooner for Goodall. "Life can change pretty quickly in this game," Goodall told AAP. "You just have to be ready." He says his days as an amateur have helped him prepare well despite the uncertainty around the identity of next Friday's opponent. "You can have a different opponent every day; if you win you fight someone else the next day," he said. "You just rely on your skills."
