Today's Birthday 20/8
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/aap/article-6075897/Todays-Birthday-20-8.html
 15:10 BST, 19 August 2018 
 Today's Birthday, August 20: Amy Adams, US actor (1974 - ). The two-time Golden Globe winner had a successful string of feature films under her belt when she was cast under the notoriously difficult director David O Russell for American Hustle. Leaked Sony emails caused controversy when they revealed her pay and that of female co-star Jennifer Lawrence were significantly less than their male counterparts. It also underlined her harrowing experience during production. "I was really just devastated on set. I mean, not every day, but most," Adams revealed to GQ in 2016. One of seven siblings, Adams was born in Italy and raised in Colorado. Early on she trained as a dancer and had ambitions of becoming a ballerina. She supported herself with a stint hosting Hooters, and dinner theatre shows in the city and in regional Minnesota, where she landed a part in the 1999 film Drop Dead Gorgeous. Floating from one failed television show to the next, she finally scored a major role opposite Leonardo DiCaprio in Steven Spielberg's Catch Me If You Can (2002). Despite the movie's critical and commercial success, it wasn't until the 2005 Independent film Junebug where Adams had her major breakthrough. The low-budget production was shot over 21 days and garnered her one of five Oscar nominations to date. Her formative years as a dancer and performer helped her shine as a Disney princess in musical Enchanted (2007). Her film roles steadily followed with Charlie Wilson's War (2007), Sunshine Cleaning and Doubt (2008). In 2012 she appeared alongside the late Philip Seymour Hoffman in The Master, one of his last film roles. She missed out on the iconic role of Lois Lane twice, but in 2013 she nabbed the part in Zack Snyder's Man of Steel opposite Henry Cavill. She reprised the role three years later in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. In 2016 she headlined science fiction drama Arrival, and thriller Nocturnal Animals. For her role this year's psychological thriller Sharp Objects, Adams dosed up on caffeine and sodium to appear bloated and sleep-deprived and embody her character's alcoholism.
