Manager fits the bill as Leeds tighten the belt
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2396788/On-road-Chris-Wheeler-Manager-fits-Leeds-tighten-belt.html
 23:32 BST, 18 August 2013 
Manager fits the bill as Leeds tighten the belt By Chris Wheeler for the Daily Mail    Published: 23:32 BST, 18 August 2013  |  Updated: 23:32 BST, 18 August 2013    


         e-mail          2 View  comments    Love them or hate them (and frankly they don’t care which), for many the Premier League remains a poorer place without Leeds.A trip to Elland Road for a big match such as Saturday’s Yorkshire derby against Sheffield Wednesday is an experience. Football in the raw. The potential here has always been plain to see.Not that it guarantees Leeds a place back among the elite any time soon, of course.       Right man for the job: Brian McDermott looks on as his Leeds side draw 1-1 with Sheffield Wednesday Like so many of English football’s fallen giants, the magnitude of the club and its history has not been matched by the bank balance for some time now.Ken Bates may have been replaced by Dubai-based GFH Capital. But only last week the new owners faced some awkward questions when it emerged that they sold more than 50 per cent of their shareholding just six months after taking over the club last December.Despite spending just £1million in the transfer market this summer, manager Brian McDermott is under pressure to trim the £15m wage bill by offloading high earners such as £12,000-a-week El Hadji Diouf.Asked if he was aware of the situation when he took on the job in April, the ex-Reading boss smiles.‘These things happen over time,’ says McDermott (right). ‘I’m a pragmatist and I do what I have to do. There’s no point me moaning about it or whinging about the past. I don’t get frustrated.      Goalscorer: Ross McCormack equalises for Leeds ‘I can’t look at two or three years ahead. I can only look at what we’re  trying to do now. We’re living in the moment and we’re just trying to go forward together, which is really, really important to me.’ Hanging on the wall above  McDermott is a framed photo of Don Revie’s great side of the 70s. Household names Billy Bremner, Norman Hunter, Allan Clarke, Joe Jordan and Terry Yorath.The history and weight of  expectation has only made it harder for McDermott and the five other managers who have tried to guide Leeds back into the Premier League since they were relegated in 2004.      Handbags: Sheffield Wednesday's Anthony Gardner gets to grips with Leeds' Paul Green The 1-1 draw against Wednesday may have maintained an unbeaten start to the season but, on this  evidence, McDermott has his work cut out to repeat the promotion success he had at Reading.Before the game, the Leeds boss was asked to pose for a photo in the tunnel with a member of the club’s Maltese supporters’ club. ‘He’s just had a tattoo done this morning — a Leeds crest,’ says McDermott. ‘You see so many Leeds supporters over here from all over the world — Dublin, Norway, Malta. It’s not an easy situation, but it’s just a great club and it means so much to these people, it really does.‘You remember what we’ve done in the past and we’re trying to bring this club back to where it needs to get to. Managing this club is not hard.’ He still faces a  battle to hang onto one of his prized assets, Ross McCormack, scorer of a fine equaliser against Wednesday.Leeds have already rejected three bids for the Scotland forward from Middlesbrough and McDermott would not welcome a fourth.McCormack is in no hurry to leave the club, either.       Ahead: Sheffield Wednesday's Kamil Zayatte (centre) celebrates after scoring ‘I’ve said all along I’m happy at Leeds,’ he said. ‘If I’m going to go, it will be the decision of the suits.‘Not once have I asked for a  transfer. I won’t force through a move, but if there’s an issue with the club and they need me to move on for money or whatever, sometimes you have to do things you don’t want to do.‘I’m firmly happy here. I’m settled in the area, my missus loves it and my wee man is settled in nursery as well. It would be a tough decision to go.’ McDermott needs players like McCormack and Leeds, you feel, need a manager like McDermott. Even then, the road back to the big time looks like being a long one. Dave’s grin and tonicOf all the things Dave Jones could have expected on his 57th birthday, laughing and joking with some of the Leeds fans he branded ‘vile animals’ just a few months ago was one of the less likely.      Birthday boy: Dave Jones was 57 on Saturday His comments in October followed an explosive derby at Hillsborough when Sheffield Wednesday goalkeeper Chris Kirkland was attacked on the pitch by a Leeds supporter and Jones was subjected to vicious chants about child abuse allegations of which he was completely cleared 13 years ago.Concerns over a backlash on Saturday led to the Wednesday boss keeping a low profile in the dugout and following a pre-match plan to conduct his media interviews by the pitchside so he would not have to encounter Leeds fans on the long walk around Elland Road to the Press room. There were brief chants from a minority of home supporters, but afterwards Jones found himself posing for photos with fans while he was escorted to the car park with his wife Ann and their daughters.‘I’ve had lots of letters from Leeds fans and I’m trying to build bridges with the club,’ said Jones. ‘I was laughing and joking with them in the car park afterwards — it’s good to see it’s all about the football.’    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Owls manager Jones forced to hold press conference...    Leeds 1 Sheff Wed: 1: Derby spoils shared as McCormack...    

Share this article
Share

    
