Police officer under investigation for spanking a brother and sister, 5 and 6, with a BELT after their grandmother gave him permission
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4132302/Cop-investigation-spanking-two-kids-BELT.html
 15:36 BST, 18 January 2017 
A Texas police officer is under investigation for spanking two young siblings with their grandmother's consent, but is still on duty.The Haltom City cop, who has not been publicly identified, gave the boy, five, and girl, six, 'light taps' with a belt after asking the grandmother's permission in November, she said.The incident began when the young boy broke through a backyard gate and ran down the street in the suburban community north of Fort Worth.'His sister just followed him because they thought it was just fun and games,' the grandma told the Star-Telegram in an interview on Tuesday, under condition of anonymity.          A Haltom City police officer is under investigation, but remains on duty, after spanking two children with a belt at their grandmother's request. The kids weren't hurt, she says (file photo)The grandmother, who has custody of the children, called 911 when she wasn't able to catch the two tykes as they barreled toward a busy five-lane thoroughfare.Police arrived moments later, stopping the children before they ran into oncoming traffic.One of the responding cops was well known to the grandmother, who said he often used to come by to check on the woman's sick mother, before she died four years ago.That officer walked the two children home and gave them a lecture on street safety, which the grandmother says was met with flippant smirks from the unrepentant youngsters.'He asked if I could get a belt and if he could spank them,' the grandmother said. 'I said yes.'         The grandmother called cops after the kids, 5 and 6, ran from her yard and toward Carson Street (pictured), a five-lane thoroughfare in the Fort Worth suburb of Haltom CityThe grandmother said she went into the house and got a small belt.She said her husband was unable to assist her with the spanking because he was busy fixing the broken gate that the children had escaped through.After the officer told the woman that it was not against the law to spank a child, she took the two-foot children's belt and hit each child on the buttocks.The officer then gave each child 'little taps' once on the buttocks, she said. Neither child was hurt, she said.Texas law, like that of most U.S. states, allows parents to spank children. 'Belts and hair brushes are accepted by many as legitimate disciplinary "tools,"' according to an information pamphlet from the Texas Attorney General. 'Their use is not likely to be considered abusive, as long as injury does not occur.'Two other officers, a neighbor, and the neighbor's 10-year old daughter witnessed the spanking incident in November.The Haltom City Police Department received a complaint about the spanking through an 'internal source,' and its Professional Standards Unit is investigating, Police Chief Cody Phillips told the Star-Telegram in an email.The officer remains on duty during the investigation, which is just fine with the grandmother of the two children.  'This has all been blown out of proportion,' she said. 'I gave that officer permission to spank them. He didn't hurt them.'    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Police officer, 24, arrested after 'posting nude photos of...    Cop is caught 'LYING' about how he killed black musician...    

Share this article
Share

 
