Irish backpacker is scalped and loses an EAR in shocking fruit-picking accident after being forced to clean a MOVING conveyor belt
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4115808/Labour-hire-company-fined-60-000-Irish-backpacker-scalped-loses-ear.html
 04:45 BST, 13 January 2017 
         Annie Dunne (pictured) was badly injuredThe company involved in a horrific fruit-picking accident where an Irish backpacker was scalped and lost an ear has been fined $60,000. Annie Dunne from Tipperary in the Republic of Ireland was cleaning a conveyor belt at a packing shed in Shepparton, Victoria, on November 7, 2015, when the accident happened, The Age reports.  The packing shed used two conveyors to deliver pears for distribution. While cleaning underneath one of the conveyors, her hair got caught up in a rotating drive shaft and her scalp was ripped from her head.One of her ears was also torn off in the nasty incident. Ms Dunne had been trying to complete the requirements of rural employment to gain a second year on her working holiday visa. The company, T&R Contracting Shepparton Pty Ltd, pleaded guilty in Shepparton Magistrates Court on Thursday.The company pleaded guilty to one breach of the OHS Act 2004 for failing to provide a safe working environment for Ms Dunne - by not providing instruction and training.As well as the fine of $60,000 that was handed down, the company was also ordered to pay legal costs of $8,091.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Farmer, 67, survives more than a DAY trapped in a hay baler...    'There is slave labour in this country': The shocking...    

Share this article
Share

 The company that runs the packing shed, Kalafatis Packing Pty Ltd, and its manager Dimitrios Vagelatos, are now also facing charges over the incident. They are due to appear in court in February.WorkSafe's Executive Director of Health and Safety, Marnie Williams, said it was 'staggering' that the machines were being cleaned by the workers while they were still in operation. 'All workers at this business were exposed to serious risks to their health and safety because a safe system of work was not in place,' she told The Age.          Ms Dunne (pictured) had her head scalped and her ear torn off in the horrific accident'There was no requirement to isolate the conveyors from energy sources during the cleaning process and no training provided to workers.'A crowdfunding campaign raised more than $35,000 to help with her recovery from her serious injuries.Irish media reported immediately after the accident that her family is well-known in their hometown and dozens had taken to social media to show their support for the young woman.'Everyone was shocked to hear the news and we're all hoping that their daughter makes a quick recovery,' a family friend told the Independent.   
