'Do NOT tell me how to raise my child': Country singer Jana Kramer hits back at 'Mommy Shamers' who criticized her Instagram photo of store-bought baby food and told her she should make her own
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3639776/Jana-Kramer-hits-Mommy-Shamers-posting-photo-store-bought-baby-food.html
 22:11 BST, 13 June 2016 
Country star Jana Kramer is hitting back at mommy shamers after she was criticized for posting a photo of the store-bought baby food she planned to feed her four-month-old daughter.Kramer, 32, posted a picture that showed a supermarket conveyor belt filled with jars, adding the caption 'And it begins' to mark the milestone of her daughter switching from formula to baby food.But Kramer, who gave birth to baby Jolie with husband Mike Caussin in January, was shocked when she received a barrage of comments criticizing the fact she wasn't making the food herself.              Country star Jana Kramer is hitting back at mommy shamers after she was criticized for posting a photo of the jarred baby food she planned to feed her four-month-old daughter         Kramer, who gave birth to baby Jolie with husband Mike Caussin in January, was shocked when she received a barrage of comments criticizing the fact she wasn't making the food herself'Make your own it'll save money and it's better for her,' one commenter wrote. 'My sister made her own baby food,' another added. 'Much healthier and now my nephew is almost five won't touch processed food.' A number of commenters told Kramer that homemade baby food was 'easy' to make and told her the jars weren't as 'nutritious' for her precious daughter.'Steam and purée pretty much any fruit or veggie,' one mother instructed her. 'Great way to avoid pesky preservatives!'.The comments clearly touched a nerve with Kramer, who followed up the picture with an Instagram post that showed a message written in a notebook.'Dear Mommy Shamers,' it began. 'Unless you are Jolie's doctor, her father, or her mom, do not tell me how to raise my child or how to feed her.' 'Sincerely, Jolie's mom,' it concludes, the last word underlined three times for emphasis.          A number of commenters told Kramer (pictured here with Jolie and her former NFL star husband Mike Caussin) that jars were 'easy' to make and told her the jars weren't as 'nutritious' for her precious daughter         Kramer also wrote about the shaming experience in an op-ed. 'Do what's best for you,' she wrote. 'At the end of the day, I hope for one thing and one thing only: That my child can grow to be happy and healthy'Kramer also included a caption with the picture that asked people to keep their negative comments about her parenting to themselves.'I have been very open with pictures of my daughter and our journey because my true fans have been on my journey from day one,' she wrote. 'And I want them to be a part of my new journey now.' Kramer admitted that at first she wanted her response to be much more colorful.'At the time I wanted to write something a little nastier,' she told AOL. 'In my head I wanted to be like, "Okay, screw off." But I knew that wasn't the way to do it.' 'People write negative stuff on my Instagram and Twitter all the time, but when it's attack me as a mother and my daughter - that hits so much harder.' Kramer then took to an op-ed for Time's Motto blog to speak out about the experience. 'Did you know that we are now expected to birth our children, nurse our children, and then make their baby food from scratch?' she wrote. 'Hmmm, maybe I should also farm the fruits and vegetables?'               Kramer, who once starred on One Tree Hill, has discussed in interviews the joy she experiences taking her daughter Jolie out on the road while she tours         Kramer thanked her 'brave and amazing fans' for standing up for her on the Instagram post. 'Let's continue to share our journeys together', she wrote. 'Us moms, we need all the help we can get'          RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       New mother Chrissy Teigen admits she felt blindsided by the...    'My ex-husband just left and went traveling': Kelly Bensimon...    'I look like a cute baby boy!' Chrissy Teigen posts pictures...    'You become a human garbage can!' Padma Lakshmi on why...    

Share this article
Share
30 shares

 'I should wake early, tend to the garden, get on the tour bus, go to sound check, pick my produce, puree the food, freeze it and then feed Jolie, hit the stage—and do it all over again after only a few hours’ sleep.' 'Oh, and while we are at it, lets be pretty and sexy, as well.' Kramer said she was giving an extreme example to illustrate a point. 'Do what's best for you,' she wrote. 'Do what you can with what you have. At the end of the day, I hope for one thing and one thing only: That my child can grow to be happy and healthy.' 'That when she turns 18, she is kind. That she has values, that she knows right from wrong and that never in her adult life does she shame someone for trying to do their best with what they have.' A number of fans took to Kramer's Instagram to defend the mother and share their own experiences raising their children on baby food. 'My youngest is 18 years old,' one fan wrote. 'She actually survived Gerber baby food and formula! She graduates tomorrow with a 4.0 and took college classes in high school.' 'I'm not a country superstar and I still wouldn't have time to make my own baby food,' another wrote. 'Feed YOUR baby what YOUR heart desires.'  Kramer thanked her 'brave and amazing fans' for standing up for her on the Instagram post. 'Let's continue to share our journeys together', she wrote. 'Us moms, we need all the help we can get.' 
