EXCLUSIVE Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves goes rollerblading in Central Park as he prepares for 58th surgery... an £8,000 eye colour change in India
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-4418880/Human-Ken-Doll-Rodrigo-Alves-announces-58th-surgery.html
 17:01 BST, 17 April 2017 
He is a self-styled Human Ken Doll and has spent a staggering £398,000 on 57 surgeries to achieve the perfect look.But Rodrigo Alves, 33, is still not satisfied and told MailOnline that he will soon have his eye colour permanently changed in a risky operation in India.He was spotted unwinding before the surgery by rollerblading around New York's Central Park on Sunday in an eye-catching outfit of scarlet shorts and white shirt which he styled as a crop top.Scroll down for video         Surgery addict: Rodrigo Alves, known as the Human Ken Doll, has told MailOnline is planning his 58th surgery which will be a permanent eye colour changeRodrigo cut a sporty figure in the red short shorts which he secured with a Gucci gold buckle belt.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Desert stunner! Nicole Scherzinger wows in VERY revealing...    'Isn't he cute?': Neil Patrick Harris plays a scary prank on...    'Spitting image': David Beckham sends fans into a frenzy...    Why would anyone go solo?': Harry Styles does HILARIOUS Mick...    

Share this article
Share
4.2k shares

 He showed off his bulging biceps in the short-sleeved white t-shirt and added some glamour with a gold watch and matching headphones. The TV personality slicked his blond locks back into a smooth sweep and showed off his pout for waiting photographers.            Pulled together: Rodrigo sported an eye-catching ensemble of scarlet short shorts, a Gucci belt and a short sleeved t-shirt as he went roller-blading in New York City on Sunday         Costly abs: The star has spent almost £400,000 on surgeries including implants to achieve the perfect six pack, which he showed off by fashioning his shirt into a crop top          Prepping for surgery: Rodrigo explained that he was changing his eye colour from dark brown to icy grey in a surgery that UK and US doctors will not perform for cosmetic reasons alone In an exclusive interview with the MailOnline, Rodrigo explained his new surgery which doctors in the UK and USA will not perform for solely cosmetic reasons. 'My next surgery will be a permanent eye colour change,' he said. 'I wear hand painted coloured lenses made by an artist here in the USA. Each pair is $500 and I have 14 different colours. 'My natural eye colour is dark brown and I'm tired of wearing coloured lenses.' Rodrigo is planning on getting a brand new eye colour called light icy grey. He said: 'Bright Ocular is now making a special eye colour implant light icy grey and the procedure will be performed next month in Delhi.                Strike a pose: The confident star discarded his roller blades and posed for photographers with a large Gucci tote bag       Getting in shape: He may be a fan of liposuction but Rodrigo also relies on exercise, jogging through Manhattan's Central Park to work up a sweat         Adjusting: The star was not wearing the most practical outfit for his sporty day out and was spotted fiddling with his collar 'The procedure will also be filmed,' Rodrigo explained. 'The eye surgeon will implant the coloured implant in front of my natural iris making it icy grey forever.'He said that the procedure would cost around £8,000. 'Such procedure is also done in the USA and the UK but not for cosmetic reasons,' the surgery fan added. 'Some people who don't have iris pigmentation can have these implants to give them an eye colour. 'In my case it is for aesthetics reasons and there is no money on earth that would convince an eye doctor to do it in the USA or UK for cosmetic reasons.'         Blue steel: Rodrigo fitted plenty of photo opportunities into his New York trip, striking a pose at the Rockefeller Centre         The sidewalk is my catwalk: He showed off his pecs in a white shirt which he paired with a striped blazer, white jeans and a Hermes belt          Defiant: The star defended himself from his critics by explaining that his many surgeries were because: 'I don't want to look like anyone else. I want to stand out'He added that he was flying to Delhi on the recommendation of friends: 'Three of my friends had the procedure done and it looks amazing. From the reference I shall be visiting the same doctor in Delhi.'Rodrigo is known for his love of extreme surgeries and in the past has indulged in liposuction, fillers, eight nose jobs and chest silicone implants as well as stem cell injections into his face and hair. Much of his income has reportedly come from properties he inherited from his grandparents and he has invested almost £400,000 in attaining his distinctive look.Rodrigo believes that plastic surgery will stop him ageing. 'I don't want to age and I think that I'm doing a great job of it,' he said. He also defended himself against people who called him a 'freak'. 'People say I'm a freak and addicted to surgery. But I don't want to look like anyone else. I want to stand out.'           Ageless? Rodrigo said: 'I don't want to age and I think that I'm doing a great job of it'               Here he comes: Rodrigo ensured all eyes were on him by sporting an olive green suit and shirt on the streets of Times Square          Hello there! The Brazilian was clearly in high spirits as he made his way through the city's bustling streets          I'll ask the questions: Rodrigo later conducted an interview with Van Robert Jensen
