EXCLUSIVE: Plucky cowgirl left paralyzed after being thrown from her truck after skidding on icy road gets back in the saddle to compete in rodeos - secured by a seat belt and Velcro straps 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3644878/Plucky-cowgirl-left-paralyzed-thrown-truck-skidding-icy-road-gets-saddle-compete-rodeos-secured-seat-belt-Velcro-straps.html
 16:49 BST, 22 June 2016 
A cowgirl who was left paralyzed and wheelchair bound after being thrown through the window of her truck has defied the odds by jumping back in the saddle.Amberley Snyder wows US crowds as she charges around astride a horse, deftly maneuvering around barrels at high speeds in a race against the clock, during rodeo competitions.But if you look closely, the 25-year-old from Logan, Utah is held on top of the horse with the help of a car seat belt and Velcro straps.And, rather than kicking her horses to make them go faster, she kisses at them to speed them up.       Amberley Snyder, who was left paralyzed and wheelchair bound after a car crash in 2010, wows US crowds as she charges around astride a horse during rodeo competitions       Looking closely, the 25-year-old from Logan, Utah - who can't  is held on top of the horse with the help of a car seat belt and Velcro straps'Between my hands and my voice, that's how I communicate with them,' she says.It's been six years since Snyder's life changed forever when her truck skidded across an icy road.Ironically, it was because she wasn't strapped in with a seat belt that she sustained her injuries in January 2010.'I was going to Denver, Colorado, for a stock show,' says Snyder, who has been riding since she was three and competing in rodeos since she was seven.'I left Logan, Utah, at about 4.30 in the morning to start my drive and I stopped in Rawlins, Wyoming, at a gas station.'When I got back in my truck, I didn't put my seat belt on. I'd had a stomachache that whole morning and I thought I'd take it off for a minute.'Less than ten miles down the road I looked down to check my map.'When I looked up I had skated over a lane and was heading towards the mile marker on the side of the road.'So I grabbed my wheel to correct my truck and it just sent me sliding across the road.'Snyder, who was driving a Ford F150 at 70mph, was fully conscious during the horrific moments that followed.She says: 'My truck rolled and I was ejected through the driver's side window.'I broke through that and hit a [wooden] fence post, which is what broke my back. I remember all of it. I didn't get knocked out during the entire thing. Before my truck started rolling I thought for sure I was going to die.                Snyder has been riding since she was three and competing in rodeos since she was seven       Snyder has won several buckles (pictured) - the equivalent to trophies in other sports - throughout her rodeo career       As a cowgirl, prior to becoming paralyzed (pictured), Snyder would use her legs to communicate with the horse throughout competitions       Rodeos include a number of events including tie-down roping, team roping, steer wrestling, saddle bronc riding, bareback bronc riding, bull riding and barrel racing. Pictured above is Snyder during a rodeo before her accident'To feel myself leave my truck and hear it continue rolling was crazy. It feels like it's in slow motion yet it happened so fast.'Despite being awake throughout the whole ordeal, Snyder says she wasn't in pain.'I don't know if [it was] just because of adrenaline but I didn't feel myself break through that window,' she says. 'I knew I broke through it but there wasn't any pain associated with that.'Rather than panic, Snyder stayed calm and took stock of her situation for the ten minutes it took before another driver came along and found her on the side of the road.She says: 'I felt my head and it felt OK. I looked down at my hands. I could move my fingers.'It was when I tried to move my toes that I felt like I was in warm water from the waist down, even though I was sitting in a snow bank.'My leg had got caught in barbed wire but obviously I couldn't feel that.'   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Horrifying bodycam footage shows moment a MMA fighter was...    ‘Good things can come from bad things’: The inspirational...    

Share this article
Share

 Within a few minutes Snyder was rushed to a local hospital where a doctor in the emergency room delivered the crushing news that she would never walk again.'He started talking about being paralyzed,' she says. 'I asked him, 'What are the chances of me feeling or moving my legs again?''And he said: "Slim to none, but more to the none." That was about it. He left the room so I was just left there, by myself, to try to take in that information.'I just thought, no, we'll figure something else out. I'm sure shock was playing a role at that point.'From the hospital in Rawlins, Wyoming she was airlifted and taken to nearby Casper where she had a five-hour surgery to try to stabilize her back, which had been broken at the T11 and T12 vertebrae.When she woke up from the surgery she apologized to her mom Tina, who was in the hospital room.'The first thing I told her was that I was sorry,' Snyder says. 'She'd always taught me to wear my seat belt and I told her I had taken it off just for a minute.       Snyder was left paralyzed and wheelchair bound after a car crash in January 2010, when her truck skidded across an icy road and rolled       The truck rolled, and because Snyder wasn't wearing a seat belt, she was thrown from the vehicle and broke her back       She had a five-hour surgery to try to stabilize her back, which had been broken at the T11 and T12 vertebrae. Paramedics (pictured with her above) told her that if she had been wearing a seat belt, she would not have been injured'She said it was OK. What was more important was that I was still here. That was all she cared about.'But for a teen who only ever wanted to compete in rodeos, realizing that by not wearing a seat belt she may have squashed her dreams was devastating.One of the paramedics who had treated her at the scene came to visit her in the hospital and emphasized that it was that split second decision that changed her life forever.'Two days after my surgery he came into my room and told me if I'd had my seat belt on I would have [use of] my legs,' she says.'That was devastating to me because I'd known that I had just barely taken it off and that I wear my seat belt all the time.'So when he left the room I turned to my mom and told her my one mistake had cost me my legs.'When her mother reached over and touched her left thigh to try to reassure her, Snyder was shocked that she could feel her mom's hand.'There was a tiny little two-inch-by-two-inch square that I felt when she did that. So they moved me from a complete injury to an incomplete injury and said, whatever you get back, you get back.'That little bit of feeling and her determination to get back on a horse inspired Snyder to recover.She says: 'One of the first conversations I had with my mom was that I would ride again. I told her, "Promise me you'll help me get back on my horse".'And she said: "I don't care if we have to strap you to your saddle. You'll get back on your horse."'For the next six weeks Snyder was in therapy, re-learning how to live her life with a wheelchair. But for her, getting back on a horse was crucial.       Snyder spend six weeks in therapy, re-learning to live her life in a wheelchair, knowing she would likely never walk again       And in May 2010, five months after her horrific car accident, the doctors relented and allowed her to ride againIn May 2010, five months after her accident, the doctors relented and allowed her to ride again. But when a friend lifted her up on a saddle for the first time, Snyder was disappointed – mainly because she felt 'nothing'. She says: 'When they lifted me down on that saddle I couldn't feel my legs around my horse and that's what was devastating.'My balance was terrible. I definitely felt that I was not steady or stable in that saddle. I was really upset and frustrated.'That was the place that I was most happy, that I was home. That was the place that I was the most balanced and comfortable.'Yet here I was in this situation where I wasn't balanced and I wasn't happy.'After being on the horse for 20 minutes as it walked around, Snyder got off, upset. Then a friend found out about a team roper in Arizona who had weak legs and used a car seat belt to strap him into saddle.But, despite adding this modification by using a seat belt from a junk car, and stabilizing her legs with Velcro strips, Snyder fell out of love with the sport that brought her joy. In August 2010 she stopped riding.It was while she was riding with her mom and her younger sister Autumn, now 15, that she decided to give up.Her mother's horse started acting up. Usually Snyder would jump off and help to 'fix' the situation but now she couldn't.She says: 'I realized I wasn't going to be able to train horses the way I used to and that made me frustrated.'I said to my mom, "Sell my horses. I'm not going to be able to ride them like I did before".'Snyder's mom refused to sell the five animals and said instead: 'You'd have to wait for your horses [when they were injured] before. So they'll wait for you now.'       Snyder, pictured above during therapy, hopped back on a horse five months after her accident. But she didn't like that she could feel 'nothing' and gave up riding for nearly another year before picking it back up again       Since mid-June 2011, Snyder hasn't stopped competing and participates in between 30 to 50 rodeos a year, winning multiple events along the way. In February she won her first buckle, which is like a trophy, in six yearsIn the end it was when a local reporter asked to do a story on Snyder in April 2011 that she fell in love with riding all over again.'I hadn't told anybody that I wasn't riding, so I said OK,' she says.When she got back in the saddle Snyder says, 'It was exactly the way I wanted it to feel the whole time.'It was that complete happiness that I wanted; like people describe the coming home feeling.'She adds: 'I think I needed to adjust to life in a wheelchair before handling life with my horses.'Snyder started training herself and her horses by riding daily again. By mid-June 2011 she was ready to compete and, 18 months after the car accident, she was strapped to a horse barrel racing.She was one of roughly 70 girls to compete and completed her event in 18 seconds, one second longer than the last time she did it before she was paralyzed.'Muscle memory takes over,' Snyder says of the competition. 'My thought was just to run as hard as I could.'The crowd was all cheering, crying and excited with me.'Since that day Snyder hasn't stopped competing and participates in between 30 to 50 rodeos a year, winning multiple events along the way. In February she won her first buckle, which is like a trophy, in six years.In between rodeos Snyder is a motivational speaker who travels the country to share her story. Of her life now, she says: 'It's not something that I wake up in the morning and think, wow, I'm glad to get into this wheelchair.'That's not ever the emotion, nor do I expect that ever to be the way I feel about it. But I have to realize that, even though I'm in this chair, I can accomplish what I want to - just a little differently than I imagined.'She adds: 'Since my wreck I share with people that we all are going to have those challenges in our life.'Some are things you can see and some are things you can't see. But, regardless of what you face, God doesn't give us anything we can't handle.'We're capable of overcoming whatever those challenges are.'  
