Jilted lover, 39, hid in his ex-girlfriend's attic overnight to spy on her before throttling her to death with a belt while their 16-month-old daughter was at home 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3632906/Jilted-lover-39-hid-ex-girlfriend-s-attic-overnight-spy-throttling-death-belt-16-month-old-daughter-home.html
 10:07 BST, 9 June 2016 
         Leanne Wall, 36, was murdered by her former partner William Mack, 39A jilted ex-boyfriend broke into his lover's home and hid in the attic before sneaking down in the morning and throttling her with a belt while their 16-month-old daughter was in the home. William Mack, 39, broke into the house, where Leanne Wall lived with their daughter Elise, leaving no sign of a break-in and hid in the attic.When Miss Wall, 36, awoke to see to Elise, she was greeted on the landing by Mack, who pounced on her and headbutted her in the face.He then throttled her with a belt and left her lying dead on her bed then fled, leaving their 16-month-old daughter alone in the house.Police found the body after being called to reports of a 'concern for welfare' at the home in Bury, Greater Manchester.The toddler, who was unharmed, was taken to a neighbour's house.Jilted ex-lover Mack was later found wandering aimlessly along the nearby M60 motorway and was detained by police. Mack initially denied murder but wept in the dock yesterday as he changed his plea to guilty at Manchester Crown Court, where he is due to be sentenced next week.The murder is reminiscent of the 1994 Danny Boyle film Shallow Grave in which a chartered accountant hides in his attic and spies on his housemates as they feud over a stash of cash.Miss Wall who worked as a business risk co-ordinator at a wealth management company is thought to have split with Mack in the weeks before her death last February.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Police hunting killer of Melanie Hall who went missing after...    Albanian fugitive, 42, wanted over murder of line-dancing...    

Share this article
Share

 It is believed she was at work when Mack turned up at the 1950s semi with food and water and broke into the house before sneaking into the loft and lying in wait - leaving no signs of a break in.Miss Wall came home and is thought to have spent the evening watching TV before going to be bed - totally unaware that her killer was waiting in the attic.        William Mack (pictured) broke into her house when she was out and then hit in the attic all night, coming down in the morning when he headbutted her and throttled her with a belt          The victim's body's was found on the her bed at the home she shared with the couple's 16-month old daughter Elise in Whitefield, who was unharmed              Miss Wall who worked as a business risk co-ordinator at a wealth management company is thought to have split with Mack in the weeks before her death last February.         Mack was remanded in custody for reports. Elise is now being cared for by her grandparents Brian and Karen. Pictured is the scene in Bury, Manchester, after the murder              It is believed Miss Wall was at work when Mack turned up at the 1950s semi (pictured) with food and water and broke into the house before sneaking into the loft and lying in wait - leaving no signs of a break inShe woke up the following the morning at 7am and went to tend to her daughter only to find Mack stood in front of her.Miss Shazia Aslam, prosecuting told an earlier hearing Mack 'headbutted' Miss Wall then used his 'hand and a belt to compress her neck'.She said: 'The cause of death was compression or strangulation.' It is believed Mack checked on his daughter before phoning Leanne's father to tell him to come and collect the toddler.Mack was remanded in custody for reports. Elise is now being cared for by her grandparents Brian and Karen.In a statement they said Leanne was a 'hardworking mum with a big heart.'They added: 'She was loving mother, daughter and sister and a great friend to so many. Leanne was fun-loving and hard-working. She will be forever missed.'
