Amir Khan takes a break from his preparations for Manny Pacquiao super-fight by visiting New York 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-4277854/Amir-Khan-visits-New-York-ahead-Manny-Pacquiao-fight.html
 09:49 BST, 3 March 2017 
Amir Khan is on the verge of the super-fight he has always craved.The 30-year-old is set to take on WBO world welterweight champion Manny Pacqiauo in May.The pair once trained together while both under the tutelage of Freddie Roach in Los Angeles. But Khan has long stated his desire to take on either the Filipino superstar or Floyd Mayweather.The Bolton-born fighter looks to have finally got his wish - with both he and Pacquiao claiming a bout had been agreed for April 23. The fight has now been pushed back - with May 20 now the most likely date.         Amir Khan takes a break in New York - he is usually based in California with trainer Virgil Hunter AMIR KHAN  AGE: 30STANCE: OrthodoxHEIGHT: 174cm / 5′ 8½″REACH: 180cm / 71″WON: 31 (19 KOs)LOST: 4 (3 KOs)DRAWN: 0KO's: 54%   MANNY PACQUIAO  AGE: 38STANCE: SouthpawHEIGHT: 5′ 5½″ / 166cmREACH: 67” / 170cmWON: 59 (38 KOs)LOST: 6 (3 KOs)DRAWN: 2KO's: 57% But Khan, who works with trainer Virgil Hunter out of California - has taken a break from his preparations for a fight with Pacquiao to visit the Big Apple.Khan has not fought since his knockout defeat to Canelo Alvarez last May in Las Vegas.He and long-term domestic rival Kell Brook were in discussions over a potential welterweight clash in the UK this spring.         Khan and Pacquiao pictured together back in January 2015 - they will now meet in the ringBut talks broke down over disputes over purse-splits and Khan's reported desire for a warm-up fight. Brook is not set for a tough defence of his IBF welterweight belt against the dangerous Errol Spence Jr.Khan, meanwhile, is looking to become a three-time world champion when he takes on Pacquiao. Though many details of the bout have yet to be confirmed, the UAE is the most likely venue.Pacquiao captured the WBO belt when he won a unanimous decision victory over Jessie Vargas last November.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       I know David Haye's weaknesses, says his former trainer...    Floyd Mayweather insists he has done his part and it is up...    David Haye boasts he will bust Tony Bellew's eye socket when...    David Haye warns Tony Bellew to 'enjoy his last days' ahead...    

Share this article
Share

   
