Ronda Rousey vows to 'get back to work' after bitter rival Miesha Tate beats Holly Holm to win UFC title in epic fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3479280/Ronda-Rousey-vows-work-bitter-rival-Miesha-Tate-beats-Holly-Holm-win-UFC-title-epic-fight-MGM-Grand-Las-Vegas.html
 17:15 BST, 6 March 2016 
Millions tuned in on Saturday to watch Miesha Tate choke Holly Holm unconscious to win UFC title in an epic fight - but Ronda Rousey wasn't among them.While losing her UFC title to Holm last year was tough for Rousey, watching her bitter rival snatch the belt on Saturday night proved too just painful for the Bantamweight Champion.UFC boss Dana White revealed that Rousey had not watched the bout but he'd text her the result.'She said "What happened?'" White said. 'I said "Miesha just choked her unconscious' and she said 'Looks like I've got to get back to work.'"Scroll down for video          Victory: Miesha Tate celebrated after she beat Holly Holm to win UFC title in epic fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas         Ronda Rousey refused to watch her bitter rival Miesha Tate choke Holly Holm unconscious to win UFC title in an epic fight on Saturday          Feud: Rousey, who has defeated Tate twice in the UFC women's bantamweight championships (pictured is their bout during the UFC 168 event at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on December 28, 2013) pledged to 'get back to work' after hearing of her rival's winRousey and Tate's feud began back in 2011 when Ronda began trash talking her rival in media interviews and over social media, saying she wanted to challenge Tate for her Strikeforce Women's Bantamweight Championship.During one interview she described herself as being so bored when she watched Tate's fight against Marloes Coenen she had to take 'little breaks.' Tate had later shot back that she thought Rousey had been too 'pampered' and 'protected' and had not even discovered is she was a 'real' fighter yet.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Conor McGregor vs Nate Diaz UFC 196 RESULTS: All the action...    One man, fifty days, 3,800 miles: Incredible photos reveal...    Scientists say the Mail on Sunday got Banksy's identity...    

Share this article
Share

 Their public rivalry led to the pair being chosen to headline a Strikeforce show on March 3, 2012 - the first time women had headlined an MMA card since 2009 - where Rousey defeated Tate with an armbar submission in the first round.A rematch the following year, at UFC 168 on December 28, saw Rousey take a second victory, defeating Tate by submission in the third round.But the bitter feud showed no signs of subsiding and when Tate, in a gesture of sportsmanship, extended her hand to Rousey after the match - her competitor famously refused to shake it. Watching her rival make such an amazing comeback journey on Saturday to claim the UFC title will have been tough for Rousey.Tate, 29, sometimes known as 'Cupcake', had made a dramatic submission of Holm, 34, when she choked her unconscious with a rear naked choke at 3:30 of the fifth round in the co-main event of UFC 196 at the MGM Grand Garden.          The winning move: Tate, on bottom, locked in the rear-naked choke in the final minutes of a closely fought title fight in Las Vegas         Punch: Miesha Tate punches Holly Holm in their UFC women's bantamweight championship bout during the UFC 196 event inside MGM Grand Garden Arena         Fight: Miesha Tate attempts to submit Holly Holm , on top, in their UFC women's bantamweight championship         The challenger can't contain her joy as she leaves the unconscious champion lying on the Octagon floor         Overjoyed: Miesha Tate reacts to her victory over Holly Holm. She is pictured wearing the UFC victory belt as she holds back tears of joy          Holm looks dejected as referee McCarthy prepares to raise the new champion's hand         Nice move: Miesha Tate attempts to submit Holly Holm , wearing black trunks, in the cage during the UFC 196 event inside MGM Grand Garden Arena          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  Theresa May insists Conservatives are the real Brexit Party       Watch video  Two window washers trapped on a swinging lift on top of Oklahoma tower       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy       Watch video  Greens candidate clashes with anti-marriage equality campaigners           Watch video  James Charles stays quiet at LAX amid YouTube drama       Watch video  Adorable goat learns to ride on his pony best friend’s back       Watch video  Motorist runs over a police officer after she pulled him over       Watch video  Worst Airbnb? Tourist explains shock over container 'hotel'           Watch video  Richer Sounds shows you the range of products they offer       Watch video  British Major General Chris Ghika: 'No increased threat from Iran'       Watch video  Child dragged down stairs during violent handbag robbery       Watch video  Excited pup ran over a mile to see his friends at doggy daycare          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-45', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
     It was a sensational submission. Tate took Holm down, who fought to stand up. Tate stayed on her and sunk in a rear naked choke. Holm moved over to the cage and then somersaulted forward, flipping Tate over.Tate's spectacular win may spur Rousey to return to the ring earlier than planned.The UFC champ is expected back in the Fall, as she is scheduled for filming in two movies. But Fox Sports reports that neither film has started filming yet - leaving the door open for Rousey to come back to fight at UFC 200 in July. The victory was especially sweet for Tate after she got bypassed for the title shot last year. UFC president Dana White had promised that the winner of the Tate-Jessica Eye fight in July would meet Rousey for the title. Tate won and White confirmed that she’d meet Rousey a third time.But he thought better of it and several weeks later, changed his mind and gave Holm the shot instead. Tate found out while she was on a movie set with Holm.Tate was bitter, and it was made worse when Holm went to Melbourne, Australia, and knocked out Rousey on November 14 at UFC 193 in arguably the greatest upset in UFC history.              Rousey (left) and Tate's (right) feud began back in 2011 when Ronda began trash talking her rival in media interviews and over social media, saying she wanted to challenge Tate for her Strikeforce Women's Bantamweight Championship         Another attempt: Tate stradles Holme. The victory was especially sweet for Tate after she got bypassed for the title shot last year.         Patience: Miesha Tate punches Holly Holm during the UFC 196 event inside MGM Grand Garden Arena. 'I had to be patient,' Tate said. 'She’s dangerous and is capable of catching anyone at any moment'         In the cage: An overhead view of the Octagon as Miesha Tate and Holly Holm face off in their UFC women's bantamweight championship          Miesha Tate (top) punches Holly Holm one of many times during the UFC match in Las Vegas. Tate, who lost her Strikeforce title to bitter rival Ronda Rousey in 2012 and then lost a shot at the UFC belt in 2013, submitted Holm with a rear naked choke at 3:30 of the fifth round         Dominating: Miesha Tate, right, dominates Holly Holm during their UFC 196 womenís bantamweight mixed martial arts match on Saturday         Battle: Holly Holm, bottom, battles Miesha Tate during UFC 196 Women's Bantamweight Bout on SaturdayBut when Rousey wasn’t able to rematch Holm right away, Tate got the shot and made the most of it.She nearly finished Holm in the second after a takedown, eventually getting the champion’s back and sinking in a choke. Holm fought it and the bell sounded, saving her.Holm seemed to take control by winning the third and fourth rounds.But Tate, who is as dogged as any fighter in the UFC, kept coming.'I thought I had to be like a pit bull on a bone,' Tate said. 'I couldn’t let go of it.'She didn’t, and she got the most special win of her career as a huge throng in her adopted hometown cheered her triumph wildly.When the fight ended, her boyfriend, Bryan Caraway, a UFC fighter who also serves as her trainer, raced toward her. Tate jumped into her arms and the two celebrated in the middle of the cage.'I had to be patient,' Tate said. 'She’s dangerous and is capable of catching anyone at any moment.'Her win will likely mean a third meeting with her bitter rival Rousey, though that has yet to be determined.But as Tate exulted, she found time to congratulate her vanquished foe.'I have so much respect for this woman,' Tate said of Holm, who didn’t tap and went unconscious. 'I have so much respect for her because she gave me everything she had.'         Respect: 'I have so much respect for this woman,' Tate said of Holm, who didn’t tap and went unconscious. 'I have so much respect for her because she gave me everything she had.'         Enthralling: Holly Holm was desperate not to be a one-hit wonder, but her reign as UFC bantamweight champion is over after just 112 days. The former boxing world champion had upset the previously unbeaten Ronda Rousey last November with a stunning second-round knockout              Stealing the title: Tate, pictured in January, was bitter, and it was made worse when Holm, pictured in February, went to Melbourne, Australia, and knocked out Rousey on November 14 at UFC 193 in arguably the greatest upset in UFC history         Tate (right) throws a front kick during the first round of the fight at the MGM Grand         Referee John McCarthy put a stop to the fight when Holm became unconscious, refusing to tap from the choke         Tate dominated Holm in the second round after taking the champion down and smothering her         Holm used her striking to keep distance and avioid takedowns for most of the fight         Holm had the better of the stand-up exchanges but looked out of her depth on the ground with the challenger 
