Workers at Indiana factory who fail drug tests get $5,000 treatment PAID for them instead of getting fired - because bosses can't find enough workers in the midst of the opioid crisis
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5759773/Indiana-factory-pays-job-applicants-fail-drugs-test-treatment.html
 23:38 BST, 22 May 2018 
An electronics company has begun funding drug addiction treatment for job applicants after the opioid epidemic left them unable to hire enough skilled workers to meet booming demand.Belden Inc, based in the rust belt town of Richmond, Indiana, pays for applicants or current employees who fail a drugs test to attend an evaluation at a substance treatment center to see if they are at a low or high risk of developing an addiction. High risk users are put on an intensive two-month treatment and monitoring program costing around $5,000, with the promise of a job if they manage to stay clean.       Belden Inc, (pic) based in the rust belt town of Richmond, Indiana, began paying for applicants who failed drugs tests to be treated after struggling to find enough staff. Picture: A worker at the factory. There is no suggestion he was on the programPeople at a low risk are given a non-dangerous job for two months before being allowed to use heavy equipment if they pass regular random drug tests, CNN Money reported. CEO John Stroup set up the program after one out of ten job applicants failed drug tests, as did several employees. This made it hard to keep enough staff on the payroll to keep up with a bulging order book.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       'He had black rings under his eyes': Mother with...    'I feel very, very bad for Kanye West': Wendy Williams...      'Melanie is feeling well': President misspells his wife's...    

Share this article
Share

 'Now that we're seeing a bit of a manufacturing renaissance, unfortunately we don't have the qualified labor that we need, and we have this terrible epidemic,' Stroup told CNN. For addicts, the promise of a job at the end of treatment provides a powerful incentive to get clean. 'A lot of times there's no carrot at the end of treatment other than the fact that you're in recovery,' said Robb Backmeyer of Centerstone Indiana, the treatment center that has partnered with Belden.          CEO John Stroup set up the program after one out of ten job applicants failed drug tests, as did several employees. Undated photo'But here there's really the idea that there's a job. Employment is really important to people, and it's critical to their success.'Since Belden began the program in March, eight people have taken part, five of them applicants and three staff. Two of the current employees have passed it through the monitoring period and are back in work. It is currently unclear how the other employees have done and some are still at the evaluation stage. Belden, which makes connectivity products such as cables for WiFi and TVs, is not the only manufacturing company that is struggling to recruit staff due to the opioid crisis. The industry has suffered particularly badly because of the higher rate of recorded opioid overdoses in regions with lots of manufacturing, according to the Manufacturers Alliance for Productivity and Innovation.According to its study, the 11 states with the highest increases in opioid deaths in 2016 - which included Indiana - generated 41% of manufacturing GDP.          Belden makes connectivity products such as cables for WiFi and TVs. Pictured: A worker at the facility.  There is no suggestion he was on the program       In total, around one in 20 manufacturing workers will misuse a prescription opioid in some way this year, putting them at risk of addiction. The Alliance blames doctors over-prescribing opioids for pain relief, which lulls patients into a false feeling of safety because they believe they are merely following their doctor's orders. Some employers have attempted to act against this by changing their insurance contracts to discourage physicians from prescribing the addictive painkillers.  
