Haas is 'definitely' a Blue: NSWRL boss
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/aap/article-5663119/Haas-definitely-Blue-NSWRL-boss.html
 02:55 BST, 27 April 2018 
 Just 21 minutes of NRL football may be under his belt but Brisbane teenager Payne Haas has already done enough to be claimed by NSW. Haas made his NRL debut off the bench on Thursday night but NSWRL boss Dave Trodden has not wasted time sabotaging any potential Queensland poaching plans by announcing the giant 18-year-old is "definitely" a Blues player. Haas had already earned comparisons with NSW juggernaut Andrew Fifita before his impressive performance in the Broncos' 24-20 win over South Sydney, making 86 metres and 13 tackles in his cameo. "You're seeing the birth of a superstar," Phil Gould said on the Nine Network's commentary. Haas raised eyebrows when he trained in an opposed session with Queensland's team last year but Trodden said the teenager had made his Origin preference clear. "Definitely NSW team. He was born in NSW, he captained our under 18 team last year in a great win against Queensland and his contractual election is to play for Australia ... so that definitely qualifies him to play for NSW," Trodden told Sky Sports Radio on Friday. Haas was born in Newcastle but went to school on the Gold Coast, emerging from famous rugby league nursery Keebra Park State High. However, the 194cm, 117kg Haas has nominated NSW as his preferred state and has played for the Blues under 18 team the past two years. Origin eligibility rules are based on five criteria -- in which state were you born; in which state did you first play for the majority of years aged 6-18; in which state did you spend the majority of school years; in which state did you first play in a state-run junior rep competition aged 15 years or above; and for which state did you first play rugby league at a school representative level. Asked if Haas could play for Queensland, Trodden said: "Can't happen. "He's definitely in a place where he can play for the Broncos all he likes but when it comes to State of Origin time he'll be in a blue jersey." Haas attracted the interest of 10 NRL clubs and American colleges offering football scholarships before signing for the Broncos on a three-year deal until 2019, at just 16, after a chat with coach Wayne Bennett. Haas may have pledged his allegiance to NSW but it didn't stop Queensland using the youngster as a "Fifita clone" in an opposed Origin training session last year.
