Mom, 26, is jailed after beating her four kids and shaving their heads for eating her ICE CREAM as one daughter reveals she 'felt like she was going to die'
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5687029/Mom-jailed-beating-four-kids-eating-ice-cream.html
 14:17 BST, 3 May 2018 
         Priscilla Zapata, 26, was sentenced to 30 days in jail and four years of felony probation on Monday after she was found guilty of felony injury to a childAn Idaho mom is going to jail after she beat her children with a wet belt and shaved her daughters' heads because they ate her tub of ice cream. Priscilla Zapata, 26, was sentenced to 30 days in jail and four years of felony probation on Monday after she was found guilty of felony injury to a child. Zapata, of Nampa, beat all four of her children - aged three to nine years old - with a belt after they ate her ice cream in July 2017. She was arrested in October. One of Zapata's two daughters said her mother grabbed her by the throat and pushed her up against the wall so that she was standing up on her toes.The girl told police that she could barely breathe and that she 'felt like she was going to die' and that 'she was already dead', according to KTVB. She also said she thought her mother was trying to kill her.Zapata's other daughter said her mother hit her 'everywhere', bit her, shoved her face into the ice cream, and pushed her into a wall before throwing her outside.One of the daughters also revealed that she didn't say anything when Zapata shaved her head because she feared her mother would cut her. Zapata also hit her youngest child with a toy, authorities said.  A medical exam revealed 'serious bruising' that showed all four children had been repeatedly beaten with an object, according to East Idaho News.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       One-year-old boy is hospitalized with a swollen and bloodied...    Distraught Brooklyn father finds out on FACEBOOK that his...    

Share this article
Share

 The children are now under the supervision of the Idaho Department of Health and Welfare and are being cared for by family members.  Zapata told relatives that she 'lost it' after her children ate her ice cream.  Canyon County Prosecutor Bryan Taylor said she has since been getting counseling and taking parenting classes. 'It's fairly obvious that Ms Zapata has some severe anger issues that she needs to address,' Taylor said. 'I'm hopeful that she can take advantage of the resources available to her while on probation and make the appropriate changes in her life to become a better parent.' Judge George Southworth initially sentenced Zapata to five years in prison before suspending her sentence. 'You have engaged yourself in appropriate treatment...and are involved in counseling, so it appears you are engaging in a process on how to better handle your children,' he said. 'You've caused a lot of damage to your children and it's going to take you a long time, if ever, before you can rebuild that trust.' 
