Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao: Boxing fans pick $1m emerald belt for winner of historic fight to wear
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-3000259/Floyd-Mayweather-vs-Manny-Pacquiao-Boxing-fans-pick-1m-emerald-belt-winner-historic-fight-wear.html
 09:46 BST, 18 March 2015 
Boxing fans worldwide have picked an emerald green, diamond-encrusted belt to be strapped around the waist of either Floyd Mayweather or Manny Pacquiao at the conclusion of their $300million fight of the century in Las Vegas on May 2.The WBC held a public vote to choose between an onyx belt of unusual design or their more traditional green world champion belt, with the latter winning by a margin of just six per cent.The cost of the belt is likely to be upwards of $1m.       Fans chose this emerald belt as the one which will adorn the winner of the fight of the century on May 2         Floyd Mayweather or Manny Pacquiao will end up wearing the $1million emerald belt at the end of their fight - this image does not show the version that includes pictures of the two fighters WHY IS THIS BELT SO SPECIAL?    Costing upwards of $1million, this WBC world champions belt features images of former WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman, Mayweather, Pacquiao and legendary heavyweight Muhammad Ali along the strap.  The treasured memento comes as a bonus to the winner of a fight for which Mayweather is expected to receive $180m and Pacquiao $120m.In a statement the WBC said: 'This exquisite masterpiece is especially designed by the World Boxing Council, for a unique bout that is already gracing the pages of boxing history.'In order to appropriately recognise the winner of this titanic and epic event on May 2, emeralds have triumphed.'The World Boxing Council is very grateful to the multitude of fans that participated in this process, voting on our web page, to choose the historic belt Mayweather or Pacquiao will proudly possess.'                 Mayweather and Pacquiao go head-to-head at the MGM Grand in their Las Vegas super-fight on May 2VIDEO Mayweather and Pacquiao camps exchange verbal blows     RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       WATCH Manny Pacquiao's gruelling 20-minute abs workout ahead...    Floyd Mayweather continues gym work ahead of $300m Manny...    Manny Pacquiao takes unannounced drug test ahead of $350m...    Floyd Mayweather goes back to basics as he chops wood 'Rocky...      Manny Pacquiao continues to step up his Floyd Mayweather...    Floyd Mayweather works out to Phil Collins as Manny Pacquiao...    Floyd Mayweather's superfight against Manny Pacquiao to be...    

Share this article
Share
184 shares

   
