Stuart Hall hits out at lack of respect from challenger Paul Butler
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-2650639/Stuart-Hall-hits-lack-respect-challenger-Paul-Butler.html
 14:51 BST, 6 June 2014 
Stuart Hall hits out at lack of respect from challenger Paul Butler By Martin Domin for MailOnline    Published: 14:51 BST, 6 June 2014  |  Updated: 21:20 BST, 6 June 2014    


         e-mail          View  comments    Stuart Hall wants to silence young upstart Paul Butler by ending his world title dreams in Newcastle on Saturday.The Darlington bantamweight makes the second defence of his IBF belt against the unbeaten 25-year-old who is stepping up in weight.And Hall, 34, admits to being disappointed at the lack of respect shown by his opponent.        Head to head: Stuart Hall (left) and Paul Butler go head to head before their fight on Saturday   'I think Paul Butler is an easy option,' he told Sportsmail. 'He thinks he is the next Floyd Mayweather. He’s shouting his mouth off like he’s some sort of Superman.'I sparred him a couple of years ago. He’s just a bragger, he thinks he beat me up in sparring but he didn’t. 'I'm not a flashy fighter but once I'm stood in front of you, it’s a whole different ball game. He’s underestimating me, but that’s a good thing. I’m not underestimating him because I know he’s a threat and I’m taking him very, very seriously.'Hall won his world title with a hard-fought points win over Vusi Malinga in Leeds last December but his first defence was halted prematurely when Martin Ward was forced to retire with a cut in March.       Champion: Hall won the IBF title last December  'Butler keeps saying he would stop Malinga in six rounds which is an absolute impossibility,' added Butler. 'There are two certainties in live, death and taxes but I would say there’s a third and that’s that Paul Butler would not stop Malinga. 'He's convinced himself that he’d beat all my opponents but he can say what he likes. He’s beaten 15 opponents who are not very good in my eyes; they're nobodies really. I know I've been in with better company and I'm more than confident I'll do a job on him.'I had respect for him at the start but now I don’t even have an ounce of respect. I won't shake his hand at the end of the fight and that’s very, very unlike me.'I want to drag him into a fight. he keeps saying he's going to destroy me with body shots but telling me that means I’ll be ready for it. He's on cloud nine; he does look good but he hasn’t fought anybody. I know I've got a bigger heart than him; he might be a bit sharper but you need heart to win a world title.'Beating Butler will be like winning a world title all over again.'  Stuart Hall vs Paul Butler is live on BoxNation. Visit www.boxnation.com to subscribe.       
