Kevin Mitchell misses out on Miguel Vasquez showdown despite 11th round stoppage of Ghislain Maduma
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-2644863/Kevin-Mitchell-misses-Miguel-Vasque-showdown-despite-11th-round-stoppage-Ghislain-Maduma.html
 20:47 BST, 31 May 2014 
Kevin Mitchell misses out on Miguel Vasquez showdown despite 11th round stoppage of Ghislain Maduma By Sam Cunningham for the Daily Mail    Published: 20:47 BST, 31 May 2014  |  Updated: 23:59 BST, 31 May 2014    


         e-mail          3 View  comments    Kevin Mitchell dispatched Ghislain Maduma with a late stoppage, but will not get a chance to fight Miguel Vasquez for the IBF World Lightweight belt after breaching rules ahead of the bout. Mitchell had already foolishly thrown away any chance at a crack at Vasquez's title by failing to meet the check-in weight.  The fight went ahead regardless, with Maduma still having the chance to take on Vasquez if he could get past Mitchell.        Up for it: Kevin Mitchell celebrates beating Ghislain Maduma at Wembley          Sure shot: Mitchell caught Maduma with a series of sharp blows in the 10th round  But the Dagenham fighter put paid to that by finishing him off in the 11th round. It was a miraculous turnaround after Maduma started off on top and dished out severe punishment in the first half of the fight. Mitchell got caught by two solid left hands in the opening thirty seconds and took some early blows. Maduma was dangerous, a constant threat with his immense speed and rapid combinations, and Mitchell looked wary in the opening rounds. It continued in that manner until the half-way point.        Comeback: Mitchell had his opponent wobbling on his feet with late flurry          Bright start: Maduma enjoyed the upper hand in the bout against Mitchell on Saturday  In the fourth round the Canadian had Mitchell up against the ropes with a flurry of punches. No serious damage was done, but it was a warning sign. Mitchell continued to absorb the punches raining down on him.  Again, in the sixth he was backed up on to the ropes again, with Maduma connecting with a series of shots.         Face off: Kevin Mitchell (left) gets in close against Ghislain Maduma in their lightweight bout   Again, Mitchell took it well. But he was clearly rattled later in the round when Maduma landed a big right-left combination.  Then the tide began to shift in the fight. Maduma was ahead on points at the midway stage but Mitchell started to turn the screw. Perhaps his opponent was beginning to tire after the effort exerted with his blistering speed. Late in the ninth round the crowd finally got going when Mitchell caught his opponent with a couple of flush shots. Mitchell hit the deck in the 10th but the referee waved away any calls for a count and it went down as a mistaken trip. Then, with just two round remaining, Mitchell finally let rip. He caught Maduma with a series of sharp blows that had his opponent wobbling on his feet and he was given an eight count. Moments later it was over as Mitchell finished the job in style and Maduma was counted out on his feet.     RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Anthony Joshua keeps record intact with first-round...    Jamie McDonnell knocks down Tabtimdaeng Na Rachawat to claim...      Kevin Mitchell fails to make weight before Wembley clash...    

Share this article
Share

      
