[if gte mso 9]><xml>
 <o:OfficeDocumentSettings>
  <o:AllowPNG/>
 </o:OfficeDocumentSettings>
</xml><![endif]
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/travel_news/article-2698828/What-REALLY-happens-bags-check-Ryanair-handlers-filmed-throwing-bags-Tarmac-plane-packed.html
 09:09 BST, 20 July 2014 
What REALLY happens to your luggage after check-in! Video footage captures Ryanair baggage handlers carelessly hurling passengers' bags on to tarmac  Amateur video catches baggage handlers throwing bags at Bergamo The luggage was being packed onto a Ryanair flight from the Milan aiportRyanair describes its baggage handing as 'near-perfect'The budget carrier has demanded the handlers be removed from their flights By Travelmail Reporter   Published: 09:09 BST, 20 July 2014  |  Updated: 13:23 BST, 20 July 2014    


         e-mail          138 View  comments    When our luggage disappears on the conveyor belt at check-in we don't expect it to be given the full VIP treatment, though we would likely expect that it not be tossed brazenly about on the tarmac. The latter is precisely what happened on at least one Ryanair flight this week, as captured on amateur video, with one suitcase even bouncing on the ground. The flight was leaving Italy's Bergamo Airport, outside Milan, when baggage handlers were recorded at work by a passenger on another plane, with the video posted on YouTube by user Nerijus Laurinaitis.Scroll down for video        Bagged: Baggage handlers for a Ryanair flight were captured on amateur video at Bergamo Airport          Bouncy bag: One suitcase is thrown so brazenly it bounces up and down on the Tarmac near Milan             One handler is throwing suitcases under the front of the plane, from one side to the other, with little regard it seems for the well-being of the bag.The next handler then tosses the luggage into the cargo hold where it's packed it by another staff member.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Wild romance! Cheek-to-cheek with hippos and elephants,...    Succulent food, fairytale castles, a haven for hikers and a...    Roads BEST travelled! The world's most awe-inspiring...    Own your own fairytale castle for a steal! 1,000-year-old...    

Share this article
Share

 Ryanair never claims to be the most luxury carrier but it does proudly promote its high standards when it comes to punctuality and looking after your luggage with 'near-perfect baggage handling'. 'We are focussed on, and committed to, bringing you the lowest fares and most on-time flights out of all our competitors,' the budget carrier's official website states.'Of course there are some things we never compromise on - most importantly your safety, but also our top drawer punctuality, our near-perfect baggage handling, and our efficient ‘green’ policy.'         Too far: This bag was hurled passed the handler receiving the luggage before putting it onto the place  Ryanair released a statement  about the incident, telling the Irish Mirror: 'The handling of these bags by our handling agents in Bergamo is clearly in breach of Ryanair bag handling guidelines and will not be tolerated.'Ryanair has instructed the Bergamo Airport authority that we want these two individuals removed from handling Ryanair flights and we have received assurances that this cavalier treatment of our customers’ bags will not be repeated.'
