Robbie Lawler beats Carlos Condit in Las Vegas thriller to retain welterweight title at UFC 195 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/ufc/article-3382560/Robbie-Lawler-beats-Carlos-Condit-thriller-retain-welterweight-title-UFC-195.html
 07:13 BST, 3 January 2016 
It took Robbie Lawler 12 years to win the UFC title and he proved again that he won't give it up without one hell of a fight.The welterweight champion clung on to his belt with a thrilling decision victory after five bruising rounds against Carlos Condit at UFC 195.Three weeks after the Las Vegas crowd were treated to the fastest finish in title-fight history thanks to Conor McGregor, the same MGM Grand Octagon played host to a back-and-forth war.         Robbie Lawler (left) celebrates retaining his welterweight belt at the end of a thrilling five-round contest with Carlos Condit at UFC 195         Lawler claimed a decision victory at the MGM Grand following five bruising rounds in which his opponent Condit landed almost 200 strikes         Having taken 12 years to claim a UFC title, Lawler was in no mood to surrender his belt, though it was a close contest in Las Vegas         The two bloodied fighters exchange blows during the ding-dong contest at UFC 195 - an early candidate for 2016's fight of the year         Lawler (left) attempts to repel a Condit kick during the fight. Condit landed 198 strikes to Lawler's 78 but still lost the contest   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Robbie Lawler targets Carlos Condit win as he looks to avoid...    Michael Bisping vows to end 'coward' Anderson Silva's career...    Conor McGregor enjoys 'quiet night in' shooting a toy Uzi...    

Share this article
Share

   UFC 195 RESULTS   Robbie Lawler bt Carlos Condit via SDStipe Miocic bt Andrei Arlovski via TKOAlbert Tumenov bt Lorenz Larkin via SDBrian Ortega bt Diego Brandao via subAbel Trujillo bt Tony Sims via subMichael McDonald bt Masanori Kanehara via subAlex Morono bt Kyle Noke via SDJustine Kish bt Nina Ansaroff via UDDrew Dober bt Scott Holtzman via UDDustin Poirier bt Joe Duffy via UDMichinori Tanaka bt Joe Soto via SDSheldon Westcott bt Edgar Garcia via TKO   'There was two winners tonight, let's do it again,' said Lawler after his hand was raised.'Carlos is so tough. Every time I see him fight he proves everyone wrong. He's been doing it a long time. Hats off to a champion, Carlos Condit. He's as tough as hell and technical as hell. And he's in shape.'Condit landed almost 200 strikes on his opponent and appeared to have done enough to depose another of the UFC's champions after seven lost their titles last year.But he was only able to convince one of the judges and was left to reflect on his fourth defeat in six fights, despite landing 198 strikes to 78 for the champion.Indeed, he made a fast start, briefly sending Lawler reeling across the canvas before the favour was returned as the champion knocked his challenger flat on his back with a huge right hand in the second. It may only have been the second day of 2016, but this will already be filed as a candidate for fight of the year.The third and fourth rounds looked to have gone the way of Condit as his work rate left Lawler in trouble.But an enthralling but brutal final session was edged by the eventual winner as both men were left exhausted.'I thought there was a good chance I was ahead,' said Condit. 'I knew he was going to come out guns-a-blazing. You have to come out and fight. I wasn't hurt neurologically, but I was roughed up a little bit. I thought I had three rounds in the bag, but that happens.''Carlos is just so tough,' Lawler added. 'Every time he fights, he proves people wrong. Hats off to him. He's tough and technical as hell, and he's in shape.'          The official score card as Lawler won a split decision over Condit to retain the title he won just over 12 months ago          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  Lampard and squad celebrate after securing place in play-off final       Watch video  Derby celebrate Leeds victory with wild dressing room scenes       Watch video  David Beckham reveals secret to Sir Alex Ferguson's football success       Watch video  Marcelo Bielsa reflects on play-off defeat to Derby           Watch video  John Daly uses a golf cart to get between holes at Bethpage Black       Watch video  Theresa May insists Conservatives are the real Brexit Party       Watch video  Two window washers trapped on a swinging lift on top of Oklahoma tower       Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy           Watch video  Greens candidate clashes with anti-marriage equality campaigners       Watch video  James Charles stays quiet at LAX amid YouTube drama       Watch video  Adorable goat learns to ride on his pony best friend’s back       Watch video  Motorist runs over a police officer after she pulled him over          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-37', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
              Lawler punches Condit in the chest during his second successful defence of the welterweight belt         Lawler makes contact with his right. The defending champion landed fewer blows but was able to make them count in his victory         Lawler forces Condit to the Octagon canvas during an entertaining and unpredictable contest at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas         But there were some bad moments for Lawler, such as when Condit pinned him into a corner here         Lawler misses the target with a punch while Condit aims for the nose during one of the exchanges          Lawler aims a kick at Condit during the welterweight title contest. At 33, the champion seems to be finding the form of his career         Condit launches a kick as he tries to get the upper hand against Lawler. The challenger believed he was ahead in the contest at the end         The mutual respect between the two fighters was evident throughout, with Lawler declaring afterwards that there were 'two winners'         The UFC bantamweight champion Holly Holm poses for selfies with fans as she watched the UFC 195 contest in Las VegasThis victory was Lawler's second defence of the title he won from Johny Hendricks in December 2014.He fought just once last year, stopping Rory McDonald in the fifth round of another slug-fest.At 33 and in his second spell with the promotion, Lawler is finally finding his best form as he enters the twilight of his career.Earlier, Stipe Miocic stopped Andrei Arlovski with a flurry of punches 54 seconds into the first round, a victory that should earn the 6ft 4in firefighter a heavyweight title shot this year.He ended the fight abruptly when he caught Arlovski with a short right hand to the chin and another against the cage moments later, sending the veteran to his knees.         Stipe Miocic celebrates after claiming victory over Andrei Arlovski in a heavyweight contest. He took just 54 seconds to secure the win         Miocic demanded a shot at the heavyweight title after this quick and clinical win over Arlovski in Las Vegas         Miocic celebrates his win by running across the Octagon to UFC executives Dana White and Lorenzo Fertitta, demanding a title shotMiocic celebrated his victory by running across the Octagon to UFC executives Dana White and Lorenzo Fertitta, yelling at them to give him his shot.The belt he so desires will be on the line when champion Fabricio Werdum rematches former title holder Cain Velasquez next month at UFC 196.Meanwhile, Joseph Duffy, the last man to beat Conor McGregor suffered a blow to his chances of earning a rematch with the featherweight champion.The Irishman was comfortably outpointed by Dustin Poirier in a fight that was originally scheduled for Duffy's hometown last October.         Irish fighter Joe Duffy (right) was beaten on points by Dustin Pointer in a lightweight contest at UFC 195         Pointer (top) punches Duffy as he lies on the canvas during a one-sided contest After another entertaining bout, the winner said: 'My nose is crushed for sure. When I touch it, it feels like a broken lightbulb. I didn’t want to make it a boring fight by grinding it out, but I couldn’t breathe at all. Joe hit me with a lot of punches. He had a lot of volume, but not a lot of power.'|Also on the card, featherweight Brian Ortega remained unbeaten with an impressive third-round submission of Brazilian veteran Diego Brandao in a triangle choke and Michael McDonald returned from a two-year injury absence with a submission victory over Masanori Kanehara.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Robbie Lawler targets Carlos Condit win as he looks to avoid...    Michael Bisping vows to end 'coward' Anderson Silva's career...    Conor McGregor enjoys 'quiet night in' shooting a toy Uzi...    

Share this article
Share

  
