Ex-girlfriend of homosexual S&M master reveals sordid details of his sexual escapades with Bronx priest - as it's revealed a cardinal KNEW about the relationship
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3357492/Former-girlfriend-homosexual-S-M-master-reveals-sordid-details-Bronx-priest-s-sexual-escapades-ex-boyfriend-s-revealed-Cardinal-KNEW-relationship.html
 18:26 BST, 12 December 2015 
         Rev. Peter Miqueli, 53, is accused of stealing millions of dollars in church funds to pay for a gay sex master who made him drink his urine The ex-girlfriend of a muscled homosexual S&M master sent Timothy Cardinal Dolan emails laying out the details of the dirty sexual escapades her former boyfriend had with a New York Catholic priest.Tatyana Gudin described in an email how Rev Peter Miqueli wore a locked Lucite chastity belt and wore a dog collar as he let his body builder lover Keith Crist pee in his mouth.Miqueli, 52, is accused of stealing over $1million in donations to fund the sex romps, among other things.He is currently a pastor at St Frances de Chantal in Throggs Neck and is accused of taking from the donation plate at leading churches on Roosevelt Island and in The Bronx where he led the congregations.'I would like to tell you who your priest, Father Miqueli, really is,' Gudin wrote in her email to Dolan. 'Keith has been Father Miquelis gay, for-pay prostitute.'More specifically, Father Miqueli is Keith Crist's toilet slave.'If you don't know what that means, Cardinal, I will break it down for you... 'Keith Crist uses Father Miqueli as his toilet, and Father Miqueli drinks his piss during their weekly, 3 day get-togethers when they take off to Father Miquelis house in Brick, NJ, far away from prying eyes.'An email from a New York Archdiocese lawyer confirmed to the New York Post that Gudin's emails were received by the archdiocese.  Gudin also claimed in her email that Miqueli had an interfaith fantasy of being humiliated in front of a 'nice Jewish girl' in Borough Park, Brooklyn.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       'The odor I produced brought out sweetness in both of us':...    Jared Fogle's former associate claims he's been 'falling...    

Share this article
Share

          Alleged escort: A lawsuit filed on Thursday in the Manhattan Supreme Court by furious parishoners claims that Miqueli would spend $1,000 at a time for bondage sessions with 'homosexual sex master' Keith Crist (pictured). Crist's on and off girlfriend says she told the church about the relationship in May A lawsuit filed on Thursday in the Manhattan Supreme Court by furious parishioners claims that Miqueli would spend $1,000 at a time for bondage sessions with a 'homosexual sex master' named Keith Crist.The lawsuit also claims that the Archdiocese of New York and Timothy Cardinal Dolan knew about Miqueli's 'illegal scheme' and did nothing to stop it.Gudin, Crist's former girlfriend and confidante of ten years, wrote to Dolan about Miqueli's taste for high-end booze and put Crist in charge of a church thrift shop in order to pay for their luxuries.'Miqueli loved to enjoy $300 bottles of Scotch,' she wrote. 'All on a priest's $2,474-a-month salary.'She wrote that Miqueli had fired the St Frances thrift-shop staff in order to put Crist in charge, who turned it into thriving business, but 'only reported $50,000/year'.'To add insult to injury, to cover his imbezzling [sic] activities, Miqueli would every so often fire whoever was the right-hand employee in the thrift shop, by accusing them of . . . Theft!' she wrote in her email.Miqueli allegedly also used the stolen cash for vacations in Italy and Florida.The New York Post reports that during sex sessions, Miqeuli was forced to drink Crist's urine. Miqeuli and his lover were said to share a home in Brick, New Jersey for which Miqueli paid $264,000 six years ago, allegedly from swindled cash.Miqueli has also been accused of footing a $1,075.50-a-month bill for Crist's East Harlem apartment.'Father Miqueli has a full-blown dungeon in the house,' she wrote Dolan.She said Miqueli would e-mail Crist: 'I cant wait to get to Jersey tonight, so I can drink your piss.'Gudin told The Post, 'All the juicy stuff is what Keith would tell me face to face.''We would be laying in bed together and he would say: "Tatyana, I have to show you this". I would be looking at those e-mails for sport,' she said.'This one is my favorite,' Gudin wrote the cardinal of the following e-mail: 'Master, I don't really like drinking your piss, but I do it bc i know it pleases you.'She said the men would party together and that there would be 'needles and syringes all over the house'.'There was equipment at the house - dildos, whips, chains and chaps. Keith used it. The priest also used it,' she said of sex toys she claims the priest would buy.'This chastity belt was very unique,' she told The Post. 'It's also small, so when 'it' grows, you're in pain.'In one of her emails, she described what she called 'the most vile, sickening part of the story'.                Crist's on and off girlfriend Tatyana Gudin revealed the details of the relationship between the men through an email to Timothy Cardinal Dolan (pictured center)         Current church: Rev. Peter Miqueli, 53, is currently a pastor at St. Frances de Chantal in Throggs Neck. Bronx parishioners want Miqueli removed permanently'Keith told me that Miqueli over the years has had a huge fantasy - for Keith to take him to Boro Park in Brooklyn, to the Hassidic section,' she wrote.'And to humiliate him in public, in front of a pretty Jewish girl . . . When Keith told him I'm [Gudin] Jewish, as you can imagine, Miqueli's perverted efforts intensified,' she added.She said Miqueli would sometimes wait for Gudin to come home so she could see the men's sex play.'When I get home, they would be in bed together, naked, doing their disgusting activities,' she wrote. 'Our apartment is big, but none of the rooms have doors on them.'All because he has a sick fantasy of defiling a pretty Jewish girl.''This lawsuit seeks to finally put an end to this truly sinful conduct so that St. Frances de Chantal parish can regain the strength, spirituality and faith it once had before Father Miqueli arrived,' court papers say.The suit also alleges that maintenance workers at St. Frances de Chantal saw 'several unstacked piles of cash, each approximately one foot high, scattered throughout Father Miqueli's rectory residence ' during the summer of 2014.Miqeuli's neighbors say that there are several male visitors who frequent the New Jersey home and that he invites the men to join him in his spacious hot tub.Gudin said that Crist once hurt his knees while having sex with Gudin in a bathtub. Gudin alerted church officials about the alleged relationship in May.The lawsuit says a Bronx doctor provided Crist and Miqueli with illegal drugs. Miqueli also allegedly gave $60,000 to the doctor for the down payment on a house.'I feel really bad for the parishioners', the Plaintiffs' lawyer Michael G. Dowd said.'We've done a lot of homework. This is a bad guy,' Dowd said.'The thing that's really amazing to me is, how could this guy be acting this way for nine years or so and the Archdiocese does nothing? Someone extremely powerful is keeping Miqueli in as pastor,' he added.'We can't understand it,' said Bronx parishioner Jack Lynch.'It seems they are going out of their way to protect him and for years. We suspect a scandal behind the scandal.'A spokesman for the archdiocese said they are taking the allegations seriously and have ordered an audit of the parish.'To date we have found nothing to substantiate the allegations that have been raised. If anyone has information or documentation to substantiate the allegations, we would invite them to bring that information forward, or to contact the district attorney,' the spokesman said.Bronx parishioners want Miqueli removed permanently as pastor of St. Francis de Chantal.They have created a Facebook page urging his removal.
