Murray gets title shot against Australia's Fletcher for vacant WBA middleweight belt
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-2525799/Martin-Murray-gets-title-shot-against-Jarrod-Fletcher-vacant-WBA-middleweight-belt.html
 12:48 BST, 18 December 2013 
Murray gets title shot against Australia's Fletcher for vacant WBA middleweight belt By Martin Domin for MailOnline    Published: 12:48 BST, 18 December 2013  |  Updated: 14:04 BST, 18 December 2013    


         e-mail          18 View  comments        Martin Murray has been handed a golden opportunity to win a world title at the third time of asking after landing a fight against Australian Jarrod Fletcher for the vacant 'regular' WBA middleweight belt.The 31-year-old from St Helens has twice failed to win world honours, drawing with Felix Sturm in 2011 and losing narrowly to Sergio Martinez last April.The clash with Fletcher, which will take place in Monte Carlo on February 1, has been made possible after Gennady Golovkin was upgraded to 'Super' champion status by the WBA. The hard-hitting Kazakh will headline the show at the Salle des Etoiles against Osumanu Adama.        Date in the diary: Murray announces his next fight at Langtree Park on Wednesday          Proud father: Murray smiles with his daughter Amelia at St Helens' home ground  Murray, who laboured to a points win over Sergey Khomitsky last Saturday, follows in the path of fellow Brits Carl Froch and Scott Quigg who hold the 'regular' portion of the WBA super-middleweight and super-bantamweight titles respectively.'I've been so close to winning a world title twice before and this could be third time lucky,' said Murray. 'I know Fletcher's a good kid with a solid pedigree. Beating someone like James DeGale as an amateur proves he's good. I'm treating this deadly serious and you'll see the best of me on February 1.'I want to create a bit of history because St Helens has never had a world champion before.'Murray will be a hot favourite against the 30-year-old from Queensland.        Title shot: Murray (right) before his fight against Martinez in April          Labouring: Murray needed a points decision to beat Khomitskiy (left) last weekend           Fletcher won gold at the Commonwealth Games in 2006 as well as his first 12 fights as a professional.But he was stopped in the second round by Britain's Billy Joe Saunders in September last year when challenging for the Commonwealth title.He has since regrouped, winning his last five fights to earn a ranking of No 3 and a shot at the vacant title.This is my first chance at a world title and not only am I looking forward to showcasing myself, but I’m looking forward to bringing the WBA world title back to Australia,' said Fletcher.'I’ve traveled around the world during my career and I’m really excited by the chance to fight in Monte Carlo, showing the world that despite a loss last year I belong at the top of this division. I’m on a good winning run at the moment and that’ll continue.'   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Chisora closes in on second world title shot as Vitali gives...    JEFF POWELL: Khan's shot at Mayweather inches ever closer as...    Mayweather backed to continue dominance as Gavin targets...    Vitali Klitschko vacates world heavyweight title as champion...    

Share this article
Share

    
