Brit Afolabi beaten again by Huck as German retains world cruiserweight title
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-2338267/Marco-Huck-beats-Ola-Afolabi.html
 02:25 BST, 9 June 2013 
Brit Afolabi beaten again by Huck as German retains world cruiserweight title By Mike Dawes   Published: 02:25 BST, 9 June 2013  |  Updated: 02:32 BST, 9 June 2013    


         e-mail          View  comments    German cruiserweight Marco Huck retained his WBO belt by defeating Britain's Ola Afolabi by majority decision on Saturday. The defending champion didn't look overly troubled in the third bout between them, so there was some surprise at the Max-Schmeling-Halle when Lahcen Oumghar of the Netherlands scored it 114-114. But Deon Dwarte of South Africa and John Madfis of the United States agreed Huck won, scoring it 115-113 and 117-111, respectively.       Just champion: Marco Huck celebrates beating Ola Afolabi to retain his WBO cruiserweight title 'I think I surpassed myself today,' said Huck, who improved to 36-2-1 (25 KOs). 'Today I showed that I can box. Key to the success was my good preparation.'Afolabi said he agreed with the first judge's call and Madfis' score was ridiculous. He dropped to 19-3-4 (9 KOs). Huck kept his belt after fighting Afolabi to a draw by majority decision in May 2012, while he beat the Briton with a narrow unanimous decision in May 2009.       Comfortable: Huck never looked in serious danger as he won the third installment of the pair's trilogy        'I leave the ring today without a bad conscience,' said Huck, who has made 11 successful defenses of the title he won from Victor Emilio Ramirez in 2009. Huck seized the initiative in the third round with quick combinations, clever body shots and clean blows with his left. Afolabi did rock Huck with a tremendous left in the next round, but it seemed to only rouse the defending champ to respond with a flurry of punches. Afolabi was relieved to hear the bell.       Down: Afolabi's fall was declared a push but the Londoner saw his chance of winning a world title slip away Huck's punches were more effective, and he used his experience to evade trouble any time Afolabi appeared on the ascendency. The swings got wilder as the fight progressed, and although Afolabi was on the canvas in the ninth, it was only after a push from Huck.'We tried but we came up short again,' the beaten man said. 'Thanks for all the support.'I'll be back, that you can count on. I may have lost this fight but I'm winning in life.'      RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       If I hadn't left London, I'd be dead or behind bars, admits...    Half of whiplash claims are bogus: Faked injuries driving a...    

Share this article
Share

        
