Cycling is the perfect way to lose weight... unless you happen to be in delicious Alsace
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/article-2241774/Cycling-delicious-Alsace--chance-losing-weight.html
 13:54 BST, 3 December 2012 
Cycling is the perfect way to lose weight... unless you happen to be in delicious Alsace By Giles Milton   Published: 13:54 BST, 3 December 2012  |  Updated: 13:54 BST, 3 December 2012    


         e-mail          View  comments    It was time for a spot of exercise. Months of over-indulgence and a complete lack of sport had left us flabby and overweight.Now we were going to burn off some calories with a cycling holiday in Alsace.'Alsace!' exclaimed my wife Alexandra. 'Isn't that known for its hearty cooking and vast quantities of meat?' Well, she had a point. But we'd be cycling all day long and getting fitter in the process. I was confident we would return home slimmer and feeling ten years younger.      Towering titan: The Chateau of Haut-Koenigsbourg rises above the Alsace town of Selestat Alsace is one of the least visited areas of France as far as Britons are concerned, perhaps because most potential holidaymakers consider it too Germanic.This border region has been kicked backwards and forwards between France and Germany for centuries, and the geographical ding-dong has left its mark on every aspect of life, including language, architecture and cuisine.We were staying in the medieval town of Selestat (formerly Schlettstadt), an elegant place with Renaissance mansions, a handful of churches and a vibrant weekly market.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next      More Alsace endeavours in our France section    Six things you must do in engaging Angers      A lycra-clad quest for love on a Tour de Chance    

Share this article
Share

 Situated in the Rhine Valley some 30 miles from Strasbourg, it's the perfect place for exploring Alsace's villages and vineyards. It's also within striking distance of the Chateau du Haut-Koenigsbourg, an impregnable fortification that straddles a bluff of rock above Selestat. Our bikes were already waiting for us at the hotel: they came with six gears and panniers. We were also met by Nick, our Cycling For Softies guide, who suggested itineraries and marked out all the best cycle paths on our maps.There is so much to see in Alsace that you need to plan your daily rides with care. Maginot Line bunkers, medieval villages and the occasional castle are among the highlights of this unspoilt region. If you're feeling really fit, you could cycle to the Abbey of St Odile, a working monastery on a rocky pinnacle almost 2,000ft above the Rhine Valley. The panorama from here is truly startling: you can even spot Strasbourg, some 60 miles away.We asked Nick to pick out a gentle ride on our first day and he suggested we head to the Voie Romaine, the old Roman thoroughfare that cuts through the heart of Alsace. It's now a cycle path. It's also flat and retains old Roman mile-posts.      On a roll: Giles's wife Alexandra puts best pedal forward in the Alsace countryside The surrounding landscape is about as bucolic as it gets. To the east, we could just make out the pine-clad slopes of the German Black Forest. To the west, and much closer to us, were the steep hills of the Vosges with their spruce-topped summits and fortified crags.'Race you to the top,' I said to Mrs M, pointing at a distant ridge. 'You're on your own,' she said. 'I'm burning my calories slowly.' After an easy morning in the saddle, we found ourselves in the picturesque village of Bergheim. Located anywhere else in France, a village like this would be heaving with tourists. But strangely, we had the medieval ramparts entirely to ourselves.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next      More Alsace endeavours in our France section    Six things you must do in engaging Angers      A lycra-clad quest for love on a Tour de Chance    

Share this article
Share

 Most of the dwellings date from the 16th and 17th Centuries. Halftimbered and leaning at crazy angles, they are painted in bright pinks and yellows.Many of them have tidy vegetable gardens at the rear, with row upon row of tomatoes, green beans and onions.We'd covered only a few miles but were feeling ravenous and soon found ourselves eyeing up the menus of Bergheim's handful of bar-restaurants.As a rare cloud threatened overhead, we made a beeline for the covered courtyard of the Hotel la Cour du Bailli, where, for less than £10, we were served beer, salad and a wheel-sized flammekuche, a regional speciality. It's essentially a pizza, but topped with bacon, onion and cream rather than tomato.'I'm not sure it's particularly slimming,' said Mrs M. 'No,' I agreed, as I nervously eyed my tankard of beer. 'But we have ridden all morning.' I pointed to the neighbouring table. 'Anyway, look what they're eating.' There the occupants were tucking into a gigantic cauldron of sauerkraut - pickled cabbage - topped with sausages and hunks of pork. After lunch, we were on our bikes and tackling a loop that took us through tobacco and sunflower fields. It was only 15 miles back to Selestat but we nevertheless felt virtuous - and hungry again.It was just as well because our hotel, Hostellerie Abbaye de la Pommeraie, is famous for its fine cuisine. The menu reads like a king's feast - foie gras, sea bass with artichoke, roast pigeon, tarts and cheese, and wines and liqueurs.Long before the starter arrived, we were being offered delicious parmesan fritters and miniature smoked hams.As course after groaning course was brought to our table, we realised that our day's bike ride was not enough to burn off such a banquet.'Tomorrow we need to do double what we did today,' said Mrs M. So we set off early the next morning, pausing briefly in the centre of Selestat to visit one of the town's most alluring (and unexpected) sights - the Humanist Library. This houses one of the largest and rarest collections of 15th Century books, including an early cosmography that uses the word 'America' for the first time.Afterwards, we headed north towards the village of Ebersmunster, which Nick had recommended. Ebersmunster is home to the most flamboyant church in the entire area. Open the door and you will discover a cavernous baroque interior complete with gilded angels, soaring prophets and an organ the size of a house.      Pause for a moment: Giles takes a breather amid the half-timbered buildings of Bergheim Later that day, we found ourselves on the Route des Vins, a 140-mile itinerary that winds its way through some of Alsace's most spectacular wine country. There are wine producers everywhere and most will happily offer you a tasting of their wares, although they expect you to buy a bottle or two of riesling, pinot blanc or pinot gris.Most sublime of all was the golden gewurztraminer, with its rich honeyed scent. We bought a case of the stuff, leaving it with the winemaker until we could return with the car to pick it up.Our daily bike tours took us further and further afield - to the stunning villages of Ribeauvillé, Riquewihr and Dambach, where we stopped for yet another hearty lunch. At one village, St Marguerite, we stumbled across a church with a huge ossuary packed with human bones and skulls.As the week progressed, we felt our muscles hardening and our stomachs tightening. We must have shed hundreds of calories each day, but we always seemed to put them back on in the evening.On our last morning, we ventured into the bathroom to stand on the scales. There was a frown from Mrs M and a sigh from me. We hadn't lost any weight - but at least we hadn't put any on either.'Well, I feel better,' said Mrs M. 'And considering what we ate, I think we ought to celebrate.' 'How?' I asked. 'With a hearty plate of sauerkraut, perhaps?'Travel FactsCycling For Softies (www.cycling-for-softies.co.uk) offers a three-night break staying in three- and four-star hotels in Alsace from £663pp. This includes gourmet dinners with an aperitif and wine, buffet breakfasts, bike hire, maps and local information.P&O Ferries (www.poferries.com) offers one-way fares on its Dover-Calais route from £39 for a car and up to nine people.   
