From topless dancers to diva strops - as the Royal Variety Performance celebrates 100 years, the antics that have left the Queen highly amused
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-2240386/Royal-Variety-Performance-celebrates-100-years-The-antics-left-Queen-highly-amused.html
 22:32 BST, 30 November 2012 
From topless dancers to diva strops - as the Royal Variety Performance celebrates 100 years, the antics that have left the Queen highly amused By Robert Thomson   Published: 22:32 BST, 30 November 2012  |  Updated: 23:03 BST, 30 November 2012    


         e-mail          View  comments    A few years ago the Queen was sitting for a portrait at Buckingham Palace. The anxious young artist kept apologising for making her keep the same rigid pose for over an hour. ‘Don’t worry,’ the monarch reassured him, ‘I’m used to it. I’ve had to sit through the Royal Variety Performance nearly every year.’With 36 shows under her belt, Her Majesty definitely has the right to comment on what the Daily Mail in 1926 – the year she was born – called ‘this essentially English institution’. This year’s show, held on 19 November at the Royal Albert Hall, featured the usual cocktail of home-grown talent and international A-listers ranging from Robbie Williams, Katherine Jenkins and One Direction to Neil Diamond, Alicia Keys and Andrea Bocelli.      Queen Elizabeth II has 36 Variety shows under her belt, this year she met Britain's Got Talent winners Ashleigh and her performing dog Pudsey  For the canine-loving Queen there was also the additional delight of seeing Britain’s Got Talent winners Ashleigh and Pudsey. This year marks the centenary of the very first Royal Command Performance, as it was originally known, held in 1912 at the aptly named Palace Theatre in the presence of the Queen’s grandparents George V and Queen Mary. The cream of the music hall circuit at the time performed for their majesties, with the exception of perhaps the most popular act Marie Lloyd, whose fondness for double entendres in her song lyrics was deemed too risqué.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       My haven: Chris Packham the TV naturalist, 51, in the...    He's packed in the party lifestyle, slimmed down...      Mary Berry broadens out from baking to share her unflappable...    

Share this article
Share

  In the event it was Lloyd’s biggest rival Vesta Tilley – dressed as a man – who offended royal sensibilities. As she burst into a bawdy rendition of Algy, The Piccadilly Johnny, a horrified Queen Mary sat withher programme ostentatiously shielding her face.It was seven years until the next show, now called the Royal Variety Performance, but in 1921 George V decreed it should be an annual event and the monarch or a representative (the Queen has generally alternated with Prince Charles for the past 20 years) would attend.      Queen Elizabeth greets Joan Collins at the Royal Variety Performance in November 19850- the show still features the best musical talent  The proceeds would go to the charity that would eventually become the Entertainment Artistes’ Benevolent Fund, and the King even paid £50 for his use of the royal box. Today the Queen is EABF’s sole patron and the royal presence is the main reason the organisers can attract such huge stars and, more importantly, a fundraising audience.Back in 1912 the new concept had been billed as a variety show, and it has always lived up to its promise. Where else would you have been able to see Rudolf Nureyev and Ronnie Corbett on the same stage on the same evening, or Joan Collins sharing the bill with Norman Wisdom? US stars gradually became aware of the show in the run-up to the Second World War. In 1938, film star Gary Cooper sneaked into the circle of the London Coliseum simply to see Queen Elizabeth (later the Queen Mother) and he said it was ‘the greatest thrill of my life’ to hear she was to visit the USA the following year. After the war, interest from across the pond grew and grew. The 1947 show was dominated by Laurel and Hardy performing a specially written piece, and King George VI said afterwards, ‘We haven’t laughed so much in years.’      With such massive stars there has, inevitably, always been 'diva-ish' behaviour backstage By the 50s and 60s the home-grown variety acts were regularly bolstered by massive international stars such as Judy Garland, Jack Benny and Bob Hope. One of the most sensational was Sammy Davis Jnr, who headlined the 1960 show, the first to be televised, and earned eight curtain calls for his electrifying eight-minute slot. ‘To say he stopped the show,’ claimed theatrical newspaper The Stage, ‘is an understatement.’ With such massive stars there has, inevitably, always been ‘diva-ish’ behaviour backstage. Opera star Mario Lanza insisted on rehearsing in an empty theatre in 1957, forcing the other performers to stay in their dressing rooms. Unfortunately a photographer gatecrashed the scene and Lanza punched a theatre executive on the nose for allowing the security breach. Diana Ross bawled out Michael Ball for smoking in 1991 and Jennifer Lopez insisted on an all-white dressing room in 2001, but the occasionally volatile Elton John endeared himself to all the same year by ‘demanding’ just a cheese and pickle sandwich. The diva’s diva, though, was without doubt Marlene Dietrich, who was brought in to top the bill at the 1963 show. Unfortunately for her, earlier in the year a relatively unknown pop group called The Beatles had also been booked, and by the time the big night arrived they had become such huge stars they had to be smuggled into the theatre under a canopy linked to the hotel next door. Dietrich was incensed. Bernard Delfont, who was the Royal Variety supremo for 30 years from 1958-78, later recalled, ‘She fought back with the ruthlessness of Lady Macbeth. Whenever the photographers gathered for The Beatles, there she was pushing herself into the picture.’It must often seem like Groundhog Day to the Queen as the same artists often appear time and again. Max Bygraves holds the record with 19 RVPs to his name. Gracie Fields had ten and others were not far behind. There was often a bit of backstage banter with those she knew best. Tommy Cooper once asked her, ‘Will you be going to the Cup Final next year, Ma’am?’  In 2001 the problem of nudity popped up again when The Full Monty topped the bill. Someone failed to pull the light switch down at the crucial moment the five guys whipped off their G-strings and they were left stranded, naked, just an arm’s length from the royal box The Queen said, ‘No I don’t think I am’, to which Cooper joked, ‘Well, can I have your tickets?’ Drag artist Danny La Rue fascinated the royal guest who told him, ‘My goodness, your costume changes were fantastic, I only wish I could dress as quickly as you.’ Taste is another hazard for the production team, which over the years has regularly had to censor a stash of four-letter words, as well as a joke about Princess Michael of Kent, during rehearsals. When the KwaZulu African song and dance company were due to appear in the 1975 show, Delfont was unsure whether the women in the company should appear topless as they did in their West End show. He took the precaution of writing to the Palace to check out the royal reaction. ‘Thank you for your concern,’ came the reply, ‘but the Queen has seen topless ladies before.’ In 2001 the problem of nudity popped up again when The Full Monty topped the bill. Someone failed to pull the light switch down at the crucial moment the five guys whipped off their G-strings and they were left stranded, naked, just an arm’s length from the royal box. The Queen remained deadpan and, turning to her hosts, said, ‘Is that it, then?’ although they never worked out quite what she meant by the comment. The Duke shrugged it off with, ‘Don’t worry, she’s been to Papua New Guinea and seen it all before.’ The 2012 Royal Variety Performance, Monday, 7.30pm, ITV1. 100 Years Of The Royal Variety Performance, Friday, 9pm, ITV1.   
