Father who was caught on video whipping his stepson for dropping a baseball is charged with felony child abuse
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2169032/Anthony-Sanchez-Man-caught-video-whipping-stepson-game-catch-charged-felony-child-abuse.html
 03:59 BST, 5 July 2012 
Father who was caught on video whipping his stepson for dropping a baseball is charged with felony child abuse By Daily Mail Reporter   Published: 03:59 BST, 5 July 2012  |  Updated: 17:21 BST, 5 July 2012    


         e-mail          6 View  comments    The California father who was video taped whipping his stepson during a game of catch was charged with felony child abuse over the weekend. Former California Imperial Irrigation District Director Anthony Sanchez, 34, was arrested on June 8 after a neighbour filmed him hitting the child with a belt in one hand and a baseball glove in the other.Sanchez's lawyer argues that the charges- which include one count of corporal abuse of a child and child abuse- are out of proportion to the incident, especially when coupled with his lack of prior offenses.Scroll down for video     Catch: Imperial Irrigation District Director Anthony Sanchez, pictured facing his stepson while holding a belt, has been arrested on suspicion of felony child abuse        Punished: The stepfather was captured by a neighbour on camera who saw the man repeatedly beating the child when he wouldn't throw or catch the ball   Ryan Childers, his lawyer, said the father was merely disciplining the boy, who is called Zack.   'This is a case of a video where people interpret it as a father who lost it,' Childers told 20/20 correspondent Deborah Roberts.   'But this is a father who was trying to give a child discipline.'    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Two men suspected of trying to hijack a flight in China were...    Tennis champion Bob Hewitt under investigation over claims...    

Share this article
Share

 Childers told how the beating was related to what Zack said during the baseball game and not because the boy failed to catch the ball.   'My client's position ... is that discipline is appropriate in certain circumstances and that he had been told that spanking was an effective means for behavior modification with Zack,' he said.   Sanchez, who resigned from his government post just days after his neighbour shot and posted the shocking footage online, is reportedly remorseful after the incident. 'Everybody that has anything to say about him says that he's a good guy,' Childers said. 'He's a cool-headed guy, and he's good with kids.'  In the video filmed and uploaded to YouTube by neighbour Oscar Lopez, the stepfather is seen repeatedly beating the boy, even knocking him to the ground, before stepping back to wait for him to toss the ball back which he drops.       Quit: Sanchez, 34, resigned from his job as a California imperial irrigation district director after he was arrested and had a $100,000 bond Sanchez is seen hitting the boy several times. At one point, the boy stands frozen in place before the man returns to him - a glove on one hand and a belt in the other - hitting him once again.The boy can be seen physically upset, holding his body, before Mr Lopez opens his window, calling at him to stop.'Are you having a problem with the way I'm raising my son?' Sanchez can be heard responding.'I'm having a f****** problem with you for beating the s*** out of him because he won't catch the damn ball.''Do you know my son?''I don't know your son but I'm watching you. I'm a f****** father too.'Lopez says he posted the video on Facebook and YouTube then gave it to authorities.'I didn't understand why he was playing with him and disciplining him,' Mr Lopez told KYMA. 'It just didn't stop.'Sanchez's attorney Childers acknowledges the video is disturbing, but urged people to wait until more details were revealed before reaching any conclusions about the case.       Ongoing: After several minutes of watching the man hit the boy the neighbour, Oscar Lopez, opened his window to yell to the man to stop       Dad knows best: Sanchez, seen here beating the child, yelled back at his neighbour saying he didn't know his child, alluding to what he deserves     Upsetting: The child was visibly upset after hit and thrown to the ground, with the boy holding his body after the attacks    The condition of the boy has not been released.According to Lt Scott Sheppeard and the Imperial Valley Press, Sanchez has no known prior record of child abuse or anger management issues.'Every parent in the state of California has the right by law to discipline their child,' Lt Sheppeard said at a press conference, 'when you cross the line between what's legal and what's not legal is if the infliction of injury.'Elected to the utility board of directors as a public official, Sanchez's term would have expired in December 2014.Watch the video         
