A Glee-ful tribute: Heather Morris slips into a metallic dress to channel her inner Whitney Houston as gang dedicate show to late singer
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2127744/Glee-Whitney-Houston-tribute-Heather-Morris-metallic-dress-episode-dedicated-late-singer.html
 16:21 BST, 10 April 2012 
A Glee-ful tribute: Heather Morris slips into a metallic dress to channel her inner Whitney Houston as gang dedicate show to late singer By Jade Watkins   Published: 16:21 BST, 10 April 2012  |  Updated: 09:41 BST, 11 April 2012    


         e-mail          9 View  comments    Since her untimely death in February this year, many have paid tribute to Whitney Houston through song and dance.And now the cast of Glee are dedicating an entire episode of their hit show to the late singer.Heather Morris, Lea Michele, Cory Monteith, Darren Criss, Matthew Morrison and Naya Rivera will all lend their vocals to belt out the pop star's famous tunes, including the Eighties classic Dance With Somebody. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO...      Channelling their inner Whitney: Heather Morris and Naya Rivera slip into slinky metallic dresses to channel their inner Whitney Houston in an upcoming tribute episode of Glee As always fans will expect to see the entire cast perform all the classics in the tribute episode.New Directions will cover some of Whitney's chart-toppers and Brittany (Morris) and Santana (Rivera) will also slip into spandex dresses to recreate one of Whitney's favourite looks In stills for the upcoming show, the girls are seen dancing around in the slinky metallic dresses and wear matching bow headbands in their hair to perform the title song.       Energetic: Morris is surrounded by cheerleaders as she performs Houston's classic Dance With Somebody Another scene also shows one of the Glee gang's infamous corridor dance sequences. The upcoming episode will air next weekend, when anticipation for Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) and Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays) wedding also hits fever pitch.The tribute comes as Glee released a clip of cast member Amber Riley doing an incredible rendition of I Will Always Love You just days after Whitney's death.       Divas: Lea Michele also belts out a powerful rendition        Dance hall: Another scene also shows one of the Glee gang's infamous corridor dance sequences led by Amber Riley   Last week on the day that Whitney's grisly final autopsy report was released, Jessica Sanchez also brought one of the beloved diva's tracks back to life on American Idol.The 16-year-old paid tribute to the pop star by giving a performance of How Will I Know? for '80s night.It's certain the late singer would have approved, and Sanchez had whole-hearted support from two other great divas, mentor Gwen Stefani and judge Jennifer Lopez.      Powerful: Darren Criss, who plays Blaine Anderson, is also seen breaking into song Last month R N' B star Brandy dedicated a heartfelt performance to Houston during a concert in Los Angeles.Ever since the two co-starred together in the 1997 TV movie Cinderella, Brandy has looked up to the singer.In her first performance since Houston passed away last month, Brandy sang her 2008 hit Right Here (Departed) and dedicated it to the late singer during a set at The Factory nightclub .      Piano woman: Morris also slips back into her cheerleading uniform for another performance        Round of applause: Matthew Morrison leads a round of applause after a rousing performance       Tragic end: Houston tragically passed away in February at the age of 48 Just last week shocking details emerged from Houston's autopsy, which revealed the scale of damage the singer's body was put through by her drug use over the years. Houston was found face down and unresponsive in about 13 inches of water on February 11 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Smackdown! Fierce Jessica Alba puts a wrestler in a headlock...    Tom Hanks lands role as Walt Disney in film about the making...      Bobbi Kristina 'wants to play mother Whitney Houston in...    

Share this article
Share

 The startling revelations of how badly damaged her body is an indication as to how much her lifestyle took a toll on her, leading to her untimely death. The Los Angeles County Coroner's report showed that the late singer had a perforated septum, likely to be from the large amounts of cocaine she consumed in her lifetime.On the day she died, Whitney Houston complained of a sore throat, so she decided to take a bath in at her hotel room at the Beverly Hilton before getting ready for Clive's party.   
