Man known as 'Fat Dan' survives being stabbed 38 times in 'determined and frenzied' attack
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2130559/Man-known-Fat-Dan-survives-stabbed-38-times-determined-frenzied-attack.html
 16:57 BST, 16 April 2012 
Man known as 'Fat Dan' survives being stabbed 38 times in 'determined and frenzied' attackDavid Johnson 'tied belt around Danny Ross's neck and attacked him with kitchen knife'Mr Ross needed 70 stitches after being found surrounded by 'pools of blood', trial hears By Simon Tomlinson   Published: 16:57 BST, 16 April 2012  |  Updated: 16:59 BST, 16 April 2012    


            A man survived despite being stabbed 38 times in a 'determined and frenzied attack' at his home, a court heard today.David Johnson, 33, used a kitchen knife to repeatedly stab Danny Ross, 44, known as 'Fat Dan', after tying his belt around the older man’s neck and choking him until he was unconscious, Exeter Crown Court heard.The jury of eight men and four women heard that when paramedics went to the flat in Exeter a couple of hours later after 999 calls, including one alleged to be from Johnson himself using a 'fake accent'.      'Determined and frenzied': Danny Ross, also known as 'Fat Dan', survived despite being stabbed 38 times by David Johnson, Exeter Crown Court (above) heard They found Ross sitting on a sofa in a blood-soaked shirt, surrounded by 'pools of blood'.Heroin addict Ross, a 'highly intelligent man' who has suffered poor mental health including depression since a road accident 20 years ago, was rushed to hospital after the attack on August 18 last year.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Another National tragedy: Despite public outcry after last year's carnage at Aintree, two more horses die at...    Buckingham Palace reveal full details of Queen's Diamond Jubilee procession route - and the public can win...    

Share this article
Share

 But despite having lost a lot of blood and needing 70 stitches to his wounds, he survived.Prosecutor Sean Brunton said Johnson had gone with a friend to Ross’s flat in Sidwell Street in the city at around 9.30pm and told him 'you owe my dad two bags', a reference to heroin. When they got there Ross was sitting on the sofa, sobbing and talking about how he wanted to die.      Needed 70 stitches: Paramedics found Mr Ross sitting on a sofa in a blood-soaked shirt, surrounded by 'pools of blood', the jury was told (file picture) Mr Brunton said: 'The defendant said to Ross: "You want to die do you?" The defendant then removes his belt and loops it around Danny Ross’s neck and tightened it as if to strangle him.' Mr Brunton added that Johnson’s friend made an attempt to stop him before fleeing back to his car.A few minutes later, he said, Johnson came back to the car, laughing, before saying: 'He’s dead mate. He’s f***ing dead, get over it. I strangled him and then stabbed him. I stabbed him 50 times.'The court also heard that Johnson, who had alcohol and drug addictions, had told a friend the day before the attack that he was 'struggling to cope' and needed to get out of the city or 'I’m going to get killed or kill someone to keep myself alive'.After the attack, two 999 calls were later made at around 11pm, one by acquaintances of Johnson who had found out what had happened.'The prosecution say that a second call was the defendant making a disguised-voice call,' Mr Brunton added.Ross told police that Johnson attacked him and the defendant was arrested in the early hours of the next morning at his home in Foxhayes Road in the Exwick area of Exeter.Johnson denies attempted murder, saying he went to the flat and argued with Mr Ross, but did not attack him in any way.The trial continues. 
