'This is how we get in a p**s up!': Shocking video shows FOUR men tearing through city centre on the back of a single-seater moped as they chant 'we do what we want'
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3407940/This-p-s-Shocking-video-shows-FOUR-men-tearing-city-centre-single-seater-moped-chant-want.html
 10:25 BST, 20 January 2016 
This shocking video shows four rowdy men tearing through a city centre on the back of a single-seater moped after a night out.The young men belt out Cardiff City football chants as they ride recklessly down a main road in the Welsh capital, putting themselves and others in danger.One of the men tells the camera, 'this is how we get in a p**s up' before adding: 'We’re going to get locked up, I’m going to do four years for this'.       South Wales Police is investigating the incident after the video, taken by one of the four men, was posted to YouTube by CudgieDon TV with the title '4s up on a scooter Driving threw Cardiff City drunk [sic]'.Only one of the revellers is seen wearing a helmet as they speed down a main road and risk causing an accident when they cross a busy junction.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Investment banker on an all-day pub crawl for the Boat Race...    The moment a drunk British backpacker, 30, jumped off a...    

Share this article
Share

 The gang chant: 'We do what we want, we do what we want, we're Cardiff City, we do what we want', and shout out 'Bluebirds', referring to the football team.                Tearing through the streets: One man filmed himself and three friends as they rode on a single-seater moped         Late-night antics: The driver, pictured drinking from a can, was seen lifting his hands off the steeringOne of the men appears to be drinking from a can of larger as the others throw their hands in the air as they continue their jaunt, apparently unaware of the risks. In one terrifying moment, the driver appears to take his hands off the steering to join in on the chanting but is able to maintain control of the vehicle. Police are appealing for information on the men seen in the vehicle.   Inspector Rob Gwynne-Thomas of the Roads Policing Unit said: 'The behaviour of all four of these individuals is of clear concern.              Dangerous: The men were heard chanting 'we do what we want' as they drove through Cardiff without helmets'It is both irresponsible and dangerous, not only to those individuals on the motorcycle but also to other road users.'Such dangerous and illegal use of motorcycles will not be tolerated and will be investigated and those responsible brought before the courts.'Anyone who recognises any of those riding the motorcycle are asked to contact South Wales Police on 101 or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 quoting the occurrence number 20274.
