Bible Belt hit with snow: Rare winter storm bringing snow, sleet and rain to the Deep South...and it's claimed one life so far
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4093920/Winter-storm-South-braces-snow-sleet-freezing-rain.html
 10:58 BST, 6 January 2017 
Snow falling in parts of the Deep South of Friday, as a winter storm sweep through the region threatening to disrupt weekend travel and bring misery to millions.  Both Alabama and Georgia have announced a state of emergency and school has been cancelled in several states. Motorists are being urged to avoid unnecessary weekend travel as crews rush to pre-treat roads that could be made treacherous by the storm.One death is already being blamed on the weather. Authorities said 55-year-old Daniel Noble died after his pickup truck slid off a snow-slickened road about 14 miles south of Jackson, Kentucky on Thursday.         Motorists talk outside their cars after being involved in several accidents due to icy roads on Friday in Nashville, Tennessee.  Winter weather closed schools and made driving conditions hazardous         Cars involved in accidents due to snow and ice sit on on the side of a road on Friday in Nashville         Groceries stores across the Deep South (like this one in Decatur, Georgia are running out of the essentials as residents prepare for a snow storm         Ahead of a winter storm forecast for metro Atlanta, a customer looks for milk in the depleted coolers of a Kroger supermarket in Decatur, Georgia on Thursday         Much of the Deep South is bracing for a rare dose of snow on Friday that could last through Saturday         The snow is set to start falling in the Lower Mississippi Valley this morning before hearing up towards the Carolinas          Parts of Virginia and North Carolina could see as much as a foot of snow in some places          Temperatures will turn bitter cold after the storm, making clean up tricky for those in Georgia, Alabama, the Carolinas and Virginia The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning for Friday and Saturday from eastern Alabama through north Georgia, including Atlanta, and into the Carolinas and part of Virginia.School districts in Kentucky, Tennessee and West Virginia either closed or called off classes early as snow began falling there Thursday and more cancellations were planned Friday, including by school systems in Alabama, Oklahoma, and Arkansas. The storm is already causing travel chaos, with Delta pre-emptively cancelling 350 flights. Delta's main hub is in Atlanta, which is set to get more than an inch of snow. Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport spokesman Reese McCranie said the airport will never close, and will remain open through the wintry weather. McCranie said crews will keep all runways, taxiways and roads open. Shipping giant FedEx also said delays are possible for packages being delivered across the country Friday due to winter weather that has swept through its home base in Memphis, Tennessee.         Lindsey Hodges shops at a Kroger located off in Athens, Georgia on Thursday ahead of the storm        Forecasters are calling for 1-3 inches of snow throughout the weekend in the area. Above, Danny Morgan, left shops at the same Athens, Georgia Kroger on ThursdaySleet began falling across central and northern Mississippi after dawn Friday.Schools and colleges mostly opened Friday, but some are dismissing students early.Some ice is sticking to the elevated interchange of Interstate 55 and Interstate 20 in Jackson that's the heart of Mississippi's highway system. "The Stack," as it's known locally, is notorious for icing in winter weather. Farther north in the state, mostly snow is falling.Some Mississippi suburbs of Memphis, Tennessee, reported 2 to 3 inches of snow by mid-morning.In North Carolina, Saturday's ceremonies formally inaugurating Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper were canceled. Activities scheduled for Friday will go on as planned. Cooper urged people to stay off the roads during what's expected to be 'a significant snow event."'That wasn't the only event planned.  Organizers also moved New Orleans' annual Joan of Arc Parade from Friday to Saturday. The parade marks the official start of Carnival.  Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley issued a state of emergency that will open its emergency operations center Friday morning and put 300 Alabama National Guard soldiers at the ready to help if needed. Some parts of North Carolina could receive four inches or more of snow and there's a 'slight risk' of eight inches or more of snow in eastern North Carolina and southeast Virginia, according to the advisory of the federal government's Weather Prediction Center in College Park, Maryland.          more videos           1   2   3                   Watch video  Theresa May insists Conservatives are the real Brexit Party       Watch video  Two window washers trapped on a swinging lift on top of Oklahoma tower       Watch video  Motorist runs over a police officer after she pulled him over       Watch video  British Major General Chris Ghika: 'No increased threat from Iran'           Watch video  Adorable goat learns to ride on his pony best friend’s back       Watch video  Kerri-Anne Kennerley unleashes on Bill Shorten       Watch video  James Charles stays quiet at LAX amid YouTube drama       Watch video  Richer Sounds shows you the range of products they offer           Watch video  Shaman Durek explains his teachings and philosophy       Watch video  Greens candidate clashes with anti-marriage equality campaigners       Watch video  Excited pup ran over a mile to see his friends at doggy daycare       Watch video  Child dragged down stairs during violent handbag robbery          
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
      DM.molFeCarousel.init('#p-37', 'channelCarousel', {
          "activeClass" : "wocc",
          "pageCount" : "3.0",
          "pageSize" : 1,
          "onPos": 0,
          "updateStyleOnHover": true
      });
  });
        RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Man hanging unconscious from a chairlift after his backpack...    Search for missing Malaysia Airlines plane MH370 to finish...    The Army will now allow soldiers to wear turbans, hijabs and...      Moving company names South Dakota, Vermont, and Oregon as...    

Share this article
Share

 Its forecast called for four inches or more of snow for parts of Georgia, South Carolina and the Piedmont region and foothills of central and western North Carolina. The warning for central North Carolina called for a mixture of snow and sleet with up to five inches locally and as much as seven inches from the central piedmont to the northern coastal plain.Mike Schichtel, lead forecaster at the Maryland center, said the storm threat is significant for the Southeast.         Winter storm alerts have been issued in many of the states making up the Deep South Bible Belt'If you have a four-wheel-drive vehicle and you think you're safe, you're not,' Schichtel said. 'Take it very seriously and adjust your travel plans accordingly.'Luckily though, experts say that that the real issues won't happen until after the evening commute along the I-85 corridor that links Alabama to the Carolinas. 'Fortunately, the icy and snowy conditions will not develop in the I-85 corridor on south and east until after the Friday afternoon commute, which should allow millions to get home,' AccuWeather Meteorologist Maggie Samuhel said. 'However, people on the road in this area Friday night and Saturday are likely to experience dangerous travel conditions and will run the risk of getting stuck.'Southern residents made sure to hit the grocery stores on Thursday to stock up for the likelihood that roads would become too treacherous on Friday and Saturday.Stuart Hall, who went to a store near his Cary, North Carolina home on Thursday, said it was about as busy as the holiday shopping season inside.       Lucinda Anderson and her daughter Shaye Rabold walk through Fountain Square Park in Bowling Green, Kentucky on Thursday as snow starts to fall       Snow falls in Bowling Green, Kentucky on Thursday. School districts in Kentucky, Tennessee and West Virginia either closed or called off classes as early as snow began falling there Thursday Hall said the parking lot is usually fairly empty when he shops so late in the week. But across the South, many were stocking up on eggs, bread, milk and other staples ahead of the storm's expected arrival late Friday amid threats of snow, sleet and freezing rain across the Southeast.'Today, it was like mall shopping during the holidays. People going up and down the lanes looking for a spot,' he said. 'As I walked in, I jokingly asked if there was any food and the clerk just laughed.'Sherrill Suitt Craig went shopping at a store near her home in north Raleigh, but she had to leave for a grocer in nearby Wake Forest because her initial stop was too crowded.'I have no idea why, but people are acting like complete jackasses when they hear that there is snow in the forecast,' Craig said. 'I was just doing my regular shopping.'         Summit Middle School student Luke Zana catches sleds at Tantra Park on Thursday in Boulder, Colorado         Hikers walk up a snowy trail in Chautauqua Park, in Boulder, Colorado on  Thursday         A Northstar California employee gets ready to start the day after the resort has received more than six feet of snow in the last seven days at Northstar California resort on Thursday         In this photo provided by Northstar California, families enjoy the ski slopes after a heavy snowfall at the on ThursdayCrews in Georgia have already moved trucks and dozens of road workers from the southern part of the state, up north to help the state keep the roads clear.The Georgia Department of Transportation says many workers on Friday began working 12-hour shifts, as up to four inches of snow is expected in parts of the state.The agency says that statewide, it has 1,900 employees on call and more than 380 pieces of snow removal equipment.Authorities say they also have 54,030 tons of salt, 65,460 tons of gravel, and 450,000 gallons of brine - a mixture of salt and water used to treat roads.In DeKalb County, one of Georgia's largest counties near Atlanta, officials say they have 110 cots available for employees who will work 16-hour shifts if necessary.         New York City residents woke up to a small amount of snow on the ground Friday morning          More snow could blanket the Northeast on Saturday as a winter storm heads up from the South         Workmen clear the parking lot in front of the Frederick Douglass mural as snow falls on Friday in New Bedford, Massachusetts         A pedestrian walks by the aptly drawn text on the window of the Green Bean Cafe on Purchase Street as snow falls on Friday in New Bedford, Massachusetts          A man clears the sidewalk on Elm Street as snow falls in New Bedford, Massachusetts on FridayThe same goes for South Carolina where transportation department crews are already spreading salt and sand on highways in Upstate and plan to begin in the central part of the state later Friday.The National Weather Service has issued a winter storm warning for 14 counties in the northwestern portion of the state from Friday evening to Saturday morning. A winter storm watch is in effect for three counties in the northeast.Forecasters say up to seven inches of snow could fall in the Greenville-Spartanburg area. Up to five inches of snow could fall around Lancaster and Chesterfield. Up to three inches of snow could fall north of Columbia. One or two inches of snow are possible around Darlington, Dillion and Marlboro counties.         Lake-effect snow is expected in the Rust Belt today and tomorrow, with the heaviest snowfalls Watertown, New York and Erie, Pennsylvania In North Carolina, utility companies are already making plans to deal with power outages, though no problems were reported so far early Friday morning.Transportation department officials are also spreading salt and sand on many roadsVirtually the entire state is expected to see snow this weekend. The National Weather Service has issued a winter storm warning for most of the state for Friday afternoon through Saturday afternoon. A winter storm watch is in effect in a few areas. Only the southeastern corner of the state is not expecting snow before the storm moves through.         The West Coast is also facing it's own weather issues this weekend, with more snow expected in Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Colorado, Utah, Nevada, and California          When the snow melts, it's expected to cause major flooding in California, Nevada and OregonSnowfall is expected to range from about 1 inch around Lumberton to as much as 9 inches around Winston-Salem, Greensboro, Durham and Raleigh. As much as seven inches could fall from Asheville to Charlotte.Once the storm hits the Atlantic Ocean, the storm could take a northward turn - bringing more snow to Virginia, New Jersey, New York and southeastern New England.It has been unseasonable warm in the Northeast this week, with temperatures hovering in the 50s - the temperature dropped more than 10 degrees on Thursday and residents in New York City and Boston woke up to a small smattering of snow on Friday.The region could see even more snow if the South's winter storm decides to turn northward on Saturday.To the west, heavy snow and strong winds have raised the danger of avalanches in the Colorado high country. A storm tracking across central California is dumping significant snow on the mountains, while a winter storm has already coated northern Utah with nine inches of snow, forcing officials to cancel or delay classes Thursday.The National Weather Service said snow accumulating for several weeks in Boise, Idaho, reached 15 inches Thursday and broke the previous snow-depth record of 13 inches set twice in the mid-1980s.Seven-day national weather forecast:                                                                                                                               
