Was U.S. sailor murdered for helping secret probe into fake rape claim?
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2053447/Was-U-S-sailor-Kyle-Antonacci-murdered-helping-secret-probe-fake-rape-claim.html
 23:05 BST, 25 October 2011 
Was U.S. sailor murdered for helping secret probe into fake rape claim?Family of Kyle Antonacci skeptical of son's suicide Antonacci, 22, involved in secret NCIS probe to clear fellow sailor Michael Pineda of rape until the day he diedRape case against friend and fellow sailor later dismissed By Daily Mail Reporter   Updated: 23:05 BST, 25 October 2011    


              1 View  comments   The suspicious circumstances surrounding the death of a Navy sailor in Illinois has left his anguished family in a desperate search for answers.The body of Kyle Antonacci, of Hicksville, New York, was found in February of 2010 in the closet of his bunk, hanging by a belt around his neck.His death at Naval Station Great Lakes in Illinois was ruled a hanging, but some circumstances have led his family to launch their own investigation.      Mystery: With so many key pieces of evidence missing, a conclusive cause of death is nearly impossible to determine 'It's been hell,' said Lisa Antonacci, the sailor's mother. 'We feel like we are being completely ignored by the Navy. She added: 'They took my son, put him in a box and that was that.'   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Mother 'shoots dead her two sons, stepmother AND her ex-husband - then tries to frame it as murder-suicide to...    'Police know who killed her': Authorities identify suspects in case of dead Utah teen Alexis after her body...    

Share this article
Share

 At the time of his death, he was secretly aiding in an NCIS probe to clear Michael Pineda, a friend and fellow sailor who was accused of rape.      Covert ops: Kyle was secretly aiding in an investigation to clear his friend and fellow sailor of rape charges Patch.com reported that the female sailor who claimed to have been raped pushed Antonacci to testify a certain way, and he was threatened by her friends who were Marines.Lisa Antonacci told ABC News: 'He said they carved an X on his door like a marked man.'Pineda, who was ultimately cleared of the rape charges, told ABC News: 'They could have moved him off base. They could have moved him somewhere else. ‘We share the barracks with the Marines. But no one did anything to help him.'However, Kyle continued to go along with the NCIS investigation, agreeing to record phone calls with the alleged rape victim.Two hours after the last call was recorded, he was dead.'They could have moved him off base. They could have moved him somewhere else. We share the barracks with the Marines. But no one did anything to help him.'Also suspicious to the Antonacci family was the Navy’s handling of their son’s death.Antonacci’s family said a Navy representative came to their Long Island home saying the 22-year-old had died in a car wreck.Later, the Navy reportedly told them he had suffered a massive aneurysm.The family also claimed to ABC News that the Navy failed to mention that Kyle’s nose and been broken, as well as other signs he had been beaten.‘He looked like he was tortured,’ his mother said.Unconvinced by the initial autopsy, Kyle's family had his body exhumed and hired famed forensic pathologist Dr Michael Baden to examine him.      Questions: The body of sailor Kyle Antonacci was found in this closet in February 2010, hanging by a belt around his neck Dr Baden found that the hyoid bone - the only bone located in the throat which critical in investigations like these - was gone.In addition, photographs and x-rays of Kyle’s body had also disappeared.With those key pieces of evidence missing, a conclusive cause of death is nearly impossible to determine.The news came as a shock to Kyle’s family whose grief is overshadowed only by determination, and a promise to find the real story of his death.His mother said: 'I think he was either killed or bullied to death. 'The Navy didn't help him or protect him. He would have been safer in Iraq than he was in Illinois.'  
