Patrick Vieira captians France if Manchester City play him, says Raymond Domenech
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-1250733/Patrick-Vieira-captians-France-Manchester-City-play-says-Raymond-Domenech.html
 16:39 BST, 13 February 2010 
Patrick Vieira captians France if Manchester City play him, says Raymond Domenech By Sportsmail Reporter  Updated: 16:39 BST, 13 February 2010    


              View  comments   France coach Raymond Domenech claims Patrick Vieira will captain Les Bleus at the World Cup if the Manchester City midfielder manages to get a run of matches under his belt.     Vieira last week featured in his first two matches for City since returning to the Barclays Premier League in January with the aim of forcing his way back into Domenech's squad.                       Captain, my captain: Patrick Vieira (left) stays as skipper for the World Cup, according to France boss Raymond Domenech (right)    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       MAN CITY v Stoke: Kolo Toure returns but Adam Johnson is cup-tied    City 2 Bolton 0: Tevez and Adebayor on target as City move up to fifth      Vieira can carry on for another three years, says Man City boss Mancini    

Share this article
Share

   The former Arsenal star had been growing increasingly frustrated at Inter Milan at his lack of playing time in the team with the World Cup around the corner.   Vieira was left out of the France squad for their crunch World Cup qualifying clash with the Republic of Ireland, but Domenech insists the veteran will almost certainly be on the plane to South Africa if he remains fit.  'If he gets a run of matches Patrick Vieira is the captain of the France team,' he told Orange Sport. 'He has just started playing again.  'Don't do what you normally do, a player has a good match so he has to be in the France team, then he has a bad match, you have to drop him from the France team...   'What matters, and Pat knows it, is that he gets a run of matches. That's what he says. 'I definitely don't have any doubts about his qualities. And he knows that and we are in complete agreement because we have discussed it at length.   'What matters is that he gets a run of matches and if he gets a run of matches... Patrick Vieira is the captain of the France team and that's it.  'There's not even a debate.'   Vieira, who turns 34 during the World Cup, has 107 caps for his country.     
