Two spacecraft 'die' in two days: NASA retires asteroid studying probe Dawn after it runs out of fuel 48 hours after the demise of planet hunting Kepler
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-6343401/Another-NASA-spacecraft-runs-steam-2nd-week.html
 18:07 BST, 1 November 2018 
A NASA spacecraft that launched 11 years ago and studied two of the largest objects in the asteroid belt has ended its mission after running out of fuel.Scientists have known for about a month that Dawn was almost out of hydrazine, a fuel that kept the spacecraft's antennae oriented toward Earth and helped turn its solar panels to the sun to recharge.The spacecraft this week stopped communicating with flight controllers, prompting NASA to declare it dead on Thursday.Scroll down for video        A NASA spacecraft named Dawn that studied two of the largest objects in the asteroid belt has ended its 11-year mission after running out of fuel. Pictured: This illustration depicts the spacecraft orbiting the dwarf planet CeresIt comes two days after the Kepler Space Telescope, which spent nine-and-a-half-years hunting for planets outwith our solar system, also ran out of fuel needed for pointing the spacecraft. They both kept working longer than anticipated and their demise had been expected.Propelled by three ion engines, the 11-year-old Dawn was the first spacecraft to orbit an object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter, and also the first to orbit two places beyond Earth. After circling the asteroid Vesta, Dawn went into orbit around the dwarf planet Ceres - the largest object in the asteroid belt, followed by Vesta.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       RIP Kepler: NASA 'retires' planet hunting spacecraft that...    Can you spot the USS Enterprise or Godzilla in the night...    Hubble is back! NASA's space telescope returns to full...    Onboard footage reveals the terrifying moment a faulty...    

Share this article
Share

               The 20 metre-wide, 1.8 metre-high, spacecraft was launched from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in 2007 and spent more than a decade exploring space WHAT DID DAWN ACHIEVE AN WHAT WILL HAPPEN NOW?Dawn has travelled 4.3 billion miles (6.9 billion km) since launching in 2007.It is expected to remain in orbit around Ceres for decades, but will no longer be able to communicate with Earth.Scientific learning from Dawn's mission will go on. The data Dawn beamed back to Earth enabled scientists to compare two planet-like worlds that evolved very differently. Among its accomplishments, Dawn showed how important location was to the way objects in the early solar system formed and evolved.Dawn also reinforced the idea that dwarf planets could have hosted oceans over a significant part of their history - and potentially still do.  Dawn should remain in orbit around Ceres for decades, according to NASA. Mission director and chief engineer Marc Rayman insisted he wasn't sad about the news. Rather, he said in an email: 'I'm thrilled it was so fantastically exciting and productive. 'Dawn was a spectacular success by any measure. It carried humankind on a truly amazing deep space adventure with stunning discoveries. 'The demands we put on Dawn were tremendous, but it met the challenge every time. It's hard to say goodbye to this amazing spaceship, but it's time.' The 'astounding' images collected by Dawn are shedding light on the history and evolution of our solar system, said NASA's science mission chief, Thomas Zurbuchen.'To me, that is a fitting end to an extraordinary extraterrestrial expedition,' Mr Rayman said.        The spacecraft this week stopped communicating with flight controllers, prompting NASA to declare it dead on Thursday. Pictured: This artist's concept shows the Dawn spacecraft - which has traveled 4.3 billion miles since it launched in 2007         This photo of Ceres and the bright regions of Occator Crater was one of the last views NASA's Dawn spacecraft transmitted before it completed its 11-year mission
