Why a tight belt can lead to sore knees as it changes the way stomach muscles work
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-2626549/Why-tight-belt-lead-sore-knees-changes-way-stomach-muscles-work.html
 23:56 BST, 12 May 2014 
Why a tight belt can lead to sore knees as it changes the way stomach muscles work By Daily Mail Reporter   Published: 23:56 BST, 12 May 2014  |  Updated: 23:56 BST, 12 May 2014    


         e-mail          1 View  comments    Tightening your belt could lead to back and knee problems. That's the suggestion from Korean research. In a study involving 12 healthy men, the researchers found that a tighter belt (reducing their waist size by 10 per cent) changed the way the men used their abdominal muscles when they stood up.This was possibly because it increased pressure in the abdomen, which research has shown can lead to stiffness in the spine.        Increased pressure in the abdomen, which research has shown can lead to stiffness in the spine  A tight belt may also affect the centre of gravity and the position and angle of the pelvis, as well as increasing pressure on the knee joint. The researchers, from Inje University, said the effect needs to be tested on women and obese people.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Superman surgeon who cycles to the rescue day and night -...    Sitting in a diver's tank may ward off diabetes      Have you inherited a deadly heart gene without knowing it?...    

Share this article
Share

 Painkillers that avoid side-effectsScientists believe they are closer to creating painkillers without side-effects. Some anti-inflammatory painkillers, such as ibuprofen, reduce pain by blocking the effects of enzymes known as COX-2 - these enzymes trigger the production of chemicals that cause inflammation. However, blocking COX-2 also blocks the effect of a fat that protects the heart. That's why using certain painkillers over time is linked to an increase in the risk of hardened arteries and heart attacks. In a study involving mice, scientists at the Pennsylvania University found they could reduce pain and inflammation by blocking one specific COX-2 enzyme. Crucially, blocking this enzyme also slowed the rate at which arteries furred up, paving the way to alternative painkillers without side-effects.  How sucking bacteria can boost gumsSucking a 'bacteria' lozenge is being tested as a new way to tackle gum disease. More than half of adults in Britain have gum disease, where the gums become inflamed  and bleed. If untreated it can lead to periodontitis, where the tissue and bone that support the teeth become weakened and teeth loosen or fall out. As part of a trial at the Government Dental College & Hospital in India, 40 men and women with severe gum disease are being given probiotic or placebo lozenges four times a day for six weeks. Probiotics are live bacteria linked to a number of benefits, including improved gut health. It's thought they may reduce the inflammation associated with gum disease and boost  the immune system's reaction to the bacteria that cause it.   
