Private jet carrying troubled U.S. comic Dave Chappelle 'forced to land due to his erratic behaviour'
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-1291737/Dave-Chappelle-Private-jet-carrying-troubled-U-S-comic-forced-land-erratic-behaviour.html
 23:30 BST, 3 July 2010 
Private jet carrying troubled U.S. comic Dave Chappelle 'forced to land due to his erratic behaviour' By Kelley L. Carter   Updated: 23:30 BST, 3 July 2010    


              3 View  comments        Troubled: U.S. comic Dave Chappelle, whose plane was allegedly forced to make an emergency landing due to his bizarre behaviour A private jet carrying Dave Chappelle allegedly made an emergency landing on Friday night because the pilot couldn't cope with the U.S. comedian's 'bizarre behaviour'.The 36-year-old comic had boarded a private jet in New Jersey heading for Ohio, where Chappelle lives.According to U.S. reports, Chappelle 'freaked out' and wouldn't put on his seat belt. he also allegedly caused a disturbance during the flight.The source told U.S. website TMZ that the pilot reportedly decided that Chappelle was a safety risk and diverted the plane to Pittsburgh.Chappelle famously had an unexplained meltdown in 2005, walking away from a $50 million (£33million) contract  with Comedy Central to produce two more seasons of his hit sketch comedy series, Chappelle Show.A representative for Chappelle wasn't available for comment when contacted by MailOnline. But he earlier told TMZ his client had eaten something that disagreed with him and the plane's bathroom was 'not the kind he needed.' Chappelle's erratic behaviour is reminiscent of his 2005 breakdown, when he went missing in the middle of taping the next season of his Comedy Central show.  He left in the middle of production and did not reappear for several weeks.He was later located in South Africa and denied reports he was on drugs, saying his disappearance was due to a combination of stress and creative angst over the ideas for his show.In an interview with Time magazine, he told the reporter: 'I'm not crazy; I'm not smoking crack.'       Chappelle as Tulley in his 1999 film Blue Streak Chappelle said he was simply feeling intense pressure and needed to escape to get his head together. He also said he had a 40-minute session with a psychiatrist while in South Africa.Other than a few stand-up dates and the release of his 2006 film, Dave Chappelle's Block Party, a documentary film that featured performances by Kanye West, Mos Def, Jill Scott, Erykah Badu, The Roots and The Fugees, he hasn't worked since that breakdown.'I'm definitely stressed out,' Chappelle said back then, explaining in the interview that he abruptly left the taping of his show to go on a 'spiritual retreat' in South Africa without notifying his agent, publicist or fans.'There were things that overwhelmed me. But not in the way that people are saying.'I haven't spent any of the money. All that stuff about partying and taking crack is not true. Why do I live on a farm in Ohio? To support my partying lifestyle?'     
