'Taking open carry to a whole new level!' Don Jr. proudly shows off a small pistol INSIDE his belt buckle
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5827049/Donald-Trump-Jr-wears-gun-belt-buckle.html
 16:38 BST, 10 June 2018 
It's no secret that Donald Trump Jr loves his guns.And this weekend the president's son wore his adoration for firearms not on his sleeve, but in his belt buckle. On Saturday Don Jr sported what he called the 'coolest belt ever', featuring a functioning pistol right in the middle.'Taking open carry to a whole new level!' he wrote in the caption, adding the hashtags #2A, #opencarry, and #outdoors.          Donald Trump Jr sported what he called the 'coolest belt ever', which featured a functioning pistol right in the middle, on Saturday         'Taking open carry to a whole new level!' he wrote in the caption, adding the hashtags #2A, #opencarry, and #outdoors.Don Jr tagged himself at the Catskills in New York, where he has a cabin and owns a 71-acre hunting preserve that he and brother Eric use as a private shooting range. And Don Jr was dressed for a day of 'getting a bit dirty', as he put it, sporting an olive green T-shirt from the hunting brand KUIU, khaki pants, and hiking boots. It appears the belt buckle is by the brand Freedom Arms and contains a .22-caliber pistol. The buckle, which had the words 'Freedom Arms' written underneath the removable gun, was attached to a brown leather belt. In his Instagram story Don Jr included another shot of what appeared to be a hunting rifle.          Don Jr tagged himself at the Catskills in New York, where he has a cabin and owns a 71-acre hunting preserve that he and brother Eric use as a private shooting range         In his Instagram story Don Jr included another shot of what appeared to be a hunting rifleDespite his boisterous caption, Don Jr wouldn't actually be able to wear his belt buckle outside of his private range. Open carry of a firearm is prohibited in the state of New York, with the exception of hunting and shooting ranges. New York does not issue licenses to carry handguns openly and the state has some of the most restrictive gun laws in the country. Don Jr did recently - and successfully - apply for a permit to carry a concealed weapon in Pennsylvania. It was one of his first acts as a single man after splitting with ex-wife Vanessa in March.The reason Don Jr applied in Pennsylvania and not New York is unknown, but one source suggested he would have had to pay more state tax in his home city.         An Instagram post by Don Trump Jr showing a handgun in a personalized holsterA source told Page Six: 'It isn't clear why Don Jr applied for a permit in Pennsylvania.' 'But there is speculation that he didn't do it in New York because you have to supply financials.'Don Jr is a well-known firearm fan and has been heavily criticized by activists for his hunting trips.It is thought he has pressed on his father not to introduce gun-control legislation. In particular, Don Jr is said to be against tightening policy on assault weapons, despite widespread calls for restrictions following the Parkland massacre.           Donald Trump Jr along with his then wife Vanessa Trump at the Republican National Convention in 2016       Meanwhile, Don Jr and Eric's private shooting range has reportedly ruffled feathers with their neighbors. One neighbor complained that sounds of guns going off in the range rattles the windows of his home and another said it ruins the serenity of the surrounding woods.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Trump arrives in Singapore for summit with Kim Jong-un that...    Turning the other cheek! Trump greets US ambassador to...    

Share this article
Share

 'It's like you're in a war zone,' Elisabetta Berghold, who lives 42 acres down the road from the Trumps' land, told the Associated Press. Neighbors said that while they knew there would be occasional rifle fire from deer hunting on the property, the thunderous noise from target practice on a stretch of land closest to other neighbors was unexpected and unwelcome.  
