Kentucky man 'murdered five-year-old boy and kicked mother off a 80ft cliff because he thought the boy's stepfather stole $200 from him'
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4919282/Kentucky-man-kills-five-year-old-boy-stolen-200.html
 23:07 BST, 25 September 2017 
         Police charged Lonnie Belt with the murder of five-year-old James Spoonamore (pictured)A Kentucky man allegedly murdered a five-year-old boy by throwing him off a cliff because he thought the child's stepfather had stolen $200 from him.Lonnie Belt, 41, thought James Spoonamore's stepfather David Durham had stolen the cash from him, according to Kentucky State Police detective Charles Brandenburg who testified, Monday, during a preliminary hearing in Jackson County District Court.Durham has denied the accusation.  Belt is also accused of throwing Spoonamore's mother, Jessica Durham, over the cliff on September 9. She is still recovering at a Lexington hospital.According to Bradenburg's testimony, Belt had planned to hold the two hostage until the money was paid. Durham survived the fall off the 80ft cliff and was found by two hikers who alerted police, prompting a two-day search that ended on September 11 when the boy's body was discovered near where his mother was left for dead.         Belt is also charged with kidnapping and tampering with evidence. He is accused of assaulting Spoonamore's mother Jessica Durham who was found at the bottom of an 80-foot cliff by two hikers Saturday Detectives said that Belt beat the 28-year-old on the back of the head with a metal object before throwing her off the cliff.Brandenburg added that Belt said during questioning that he killed the boy for being a witness. It's unclear if Belt has an attorney. According to the Washington Post, Belt and Jessica Durham were not romantically involved.Belt is charged with the murdering the boy and also faces charges of assault, kidnapping and tampering with evidence.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       'I threw my teammates under the bus': Alejandro Villanueva...    Dukes of Hazzard's Tom Wopat 'touched a 16-year-old girl in...      South Carolina couple arrested after the remains of a baby...    

Share this article
Share

          More than 200 people searched for the boy on Saturday and Sunday. He was found about 180 feet off the road in Jackson County, about 65 miles southeast of Lexington       Video courtesy of WYMT  More than 200 people took part in a search which  involved police dogs, aircraft from the National Guard and lots of volunteers. Sanders said authorities found the boy at 9.31am on September 11 about 180 feet off the road in Jackson County, about 65 miles southeast of Lexington.The news was devastating for Durham and her family, which includes some relatives in Florida who were enduring Hurricane Irma while authorities were searching for the boy.'Honestly, it's been hell. That's the only way to describe it,' said Mary Batson, Durham's sister.Cynthia Wallace, Durham's mother and the boy's grandmother, said she is still without power at her home near Winter Haven, Florida. She described James as a sweet boy who loved playing with cars and trucks and being in the water. He recently started kindergarten, and Wallace said she enjoyed looking at photos Durham sent her of the boy's first day at school.'He was so happy, he loved school and he even wanted to go on the weekends,' Wallace said. 'It's hard. It hurts. I just went through a hurricane and all of this here on top of me, I'm just hurt.'
