An honourable woman indeed! Maggie Gyllenhaal looks every inch the leading lady as she answers questions on award-winning mini-series
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3085077/She-certainly-honourable-woman-Maggie-Gyllenhaal-looks-chic-head-toe-black-answers-questions-award-winning-miniseries.html
 11:44 BST, 17 May 2015 
Maggie Gyllenhaal looked every inch the leading lady as she promoted her television series in Los Angeles over the weekend. The 37-year-old actress stunned in a plunging black jersey dress which she tailored with a brown leather belt. Her signature pixie-crop haircut styled to perfection, she completed her look with a pair of black pumps and a slick of red lipstick. Scroll down for video        Leading lady: Maggie Gyllenhaal was sophisticated in heat-to-toe black on Saturday as she answered questions on her miniseries at a Sundance TV event Maggie was promoting her television series The Honourable Woman at the Sundance TV event. She joined other actors and television and film industry experts to answer questions from an audience of viewers on the day.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       The Met Gala's good, bad and almost naked! Beyonce, Kim...    Sienna Miller highlights her slender frame in a revealing...    Simply chic! Salma Hayek dons classy off-the-shoulder gown...    Well, that confirms it! Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris take...    

Share this article
Share
22 shares

 The BBC miniseries follows businesswoman Nissa Stein and her pursuit of peace in the Middle East after inheriting her father's arms company. Maggie won a Golden Globe for her performance in the role last year with critics praising her grasp of the English accent.         Effortless chic: The actress looked laid back in a plunging dress which she teamed with a chunky brown belt         Award winning: Maggie, 37, speaks about the miniseries during an appearance at the Sundance TV event                 Award winning: Maggie won a Golden Globe for her portrayal of Nessa Stein in The Honourable Woman In previous interviews the actress revealed she would spend all day speaking in her character's voice - even between takes - to master it. The Honourable Woman was one of two programmes being celebrated at the Sundance TV panel in Los Angeles yesterday. The other, Rectify, is the Sundance Channel's first wholly owned scripted series.As his sister answered questions on her role as Baroness Nissa Stein, Jake Gyllenhaal was spotted having dinner with friends in Cannes.              Famous faces: Other stars in attendance included Suits siren Abigail Spencer (left) and Adelaide Clemens (right) The Jarhead star ended the opening ceremony of the 68th annual Cannes Film Festival earlier this week and has been seen at various red carpet events since. The famous siblings shot to stardom as youngsters after appearing as on screen brother and sister in Donnie Darko. Jake Gyllenhaal is among members of the esteemed jury at this year's festival. He was joined on the red carpet by Sienna Miller earlier this week as the events got underway.               Meanwhile in Cannes: Maggie's brother Jake Gyllenhaal was spotted dining out in the French coastal town          Serious job: The actor is among members of the film jury at this year's 68th Cannes Film Festival alongside actress Sienna Miller  
