Editorial Roundup: Excerpts from recent editorials
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-4471256/Editorial-Roundup-Excerpts-recent-editorials.html
 21:52 BST, 3 May 2017 
 Excerpts from recent editorials in the United States and abroad: ___ April 26 China Daily on China's U.S. Ambassador inviting the United States to join the Belt and Road Initiative: At a forum held in New York on Monday, China's Ambassador to the United States Cui Tiankai invited Washington to join the Beijing-proposed Belt and Road Initiative. In his words, the initiative, aimed at building infrastructure connectivity, and thus boosting free trade and people-to-people exchanges across Asia, Africa and Europe, is not China's "solo show". Rather, it will be a "symphony" performed by all participating countries, the US included if it chooses to join. The initiative offers a platform for countries to join hands to cultivate fresh impetus for global growth and explore a more sustainable development path together. However, the US has been suspicious of the initiative, if not openly antagonistic toward it, since President Xi Jinping first proposed reinvigorating the ancient Silk Road trade routes in 2013, with some in the US claiming it is an attempt by China to challenge the US' global leadership. That is why Washington has refused to join the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, which has been established to finance Belt and Road projects. But such concerns stem from an outdated Cold War view of the world, which tends to pit great powers against each other in a zero-sum game, rather than recognize the plentiful opportunities that exist for win-win cooperation. The initiative embraces the principles of wide consultation, joint construction and shared benefits, and aims to promote the construction of a fairer global economic governance system. It is open and inclusive, and complements, rather than replaces, the existing international governance mechanisms orchestrated by the US. There is really nothing for the US to take exception to. Indeed, it has nothing to lose by joining the initiative. Instead, by joining it, the US will be able to secure investment to improve its own outdated infrastructure and reap the benefits of the huge business opportunities that the initiative promises to create. Meantime, the world faces tremendous challenges such as poverty, terrorism and energy security that cannot be adequately addressed without a China-US partnership that ensures better functioning of the existing international order. The US' participation in the Belt and Road Initiative would enable China and the US to work more closely together to better fulfill their international responsibilities. Despite their differences, the two countries have already built a resilient relationship featuring extensive cooperation in many areas. If reason prevails, the US should realize that it would be in its own interest to be part of the network of global partnerships that are being formed by the Belt and Road Initiative. Online: http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/ ___ May 3 The New York Times on congressional Republicans' limited time to repeal two regulations finalized under Obama: There's only about a week to go before time runs out on fast-track procedures that congressional Republicans have been using to repeal regulations finalized in the last months of the Obama administration. But still more damage could be in store. So far, President Trump has signed 13 repeal measures passed by Congress, harming worker safety, environmental protection and consumer privacy. To put that number into perspective, before now, Congress had revoked only one rule using the fast-track process - in 2001. Now the fates of two important protections remain threatened as the Senate decides whether to follow the lead of the House and vote to repeal them. One of them allows states to establish payroll-deduction retirement accounts for private-sector workers who have no retirement coverage at work. Another makes energy companies limit harmful emissions of methane, the main component of natural gas. The retirement regulation, which allows states to provide millions of employees with a convenient, low-cost way to save for retirement, is also consistent with Republicans' traditional support for states' rights. So, repealing the rule would violate both the interest of the people and Republicans' own professed ideology - in order to curry favor with big financial firms that fear competition. The vote to repeal the retirement rule, which could come as soon as Wednesday, will be close, with Vice President Mike Pence possibly having to cast a tiebreaking vote - a dubious victory. The rule to curb methane is opposed by powerful oil and gas interests, and, not surprisingly, by many in Congress who receive campaign contributions from those interests. But its value is indisputable. Capturing methane keeps the air cleaner and reduces emissions of a powerful greenhouse gas that contributes to global warming. It would have the support of most Americans, who - regardless of party affiliation - tell pollsters that measures to restrict emissions are good solutions to climate and pollution problems. And it could be a benefit for industry, since the captured methane can be sold on the market. After Colorado carried out a similar rule, natural gas production increased. Preserving these rules would allow Senate Republicans to show they have some concerns for the needs of real people. The regulatory rollbacks passed by Congress and signed by President Trump so far have favored broad corporate interests or narrow special interests at the expense of human health, safety and security. For example, one of the four major environmental reversals undid a rule that would have required coal companies to keep toxic debris from mountaintop mining out of waterways. One of four reversals of labor-related rules stopped a regulation that would have required federal contractors to disclose labor law violations when bidding for government work. A gun-control rule to ensure that mentally incapacitated people would be flagged in background checks for firearms purchases was reversed, as was a rule to prohibit internet companies from collecting and selling customers' data without their permission. The Republican-controlled Congress and Mr. Trump have made their point about deregulation - and Americans will have to live with their decisions. If they spare the two remaining rules on their hit list, corporate America would do just fine and the American people would be helped. Online: https://www.nytimes.com/ ___ May 3 The Los Angeles Times on the federal government's role regarding police shootings: His name was Jordan Edwards. He was just 15, a good student and popular athlete at Mesquite High School in the Dallas suburb of Balch Springs. His death Saturday night was senseless, sudden and cruel. It came as he was leaving a party and was struck in the head by a bullet fired from a rifle into the side window of a car in which he rode beside his older brother. The assailant was a police officer, whose reason for pulling the trigger - whose reason for raising a rifle in the first place, or even for carrying such a powerful weapon at all while responding to nothing more serious than complaints about drunken partygoers - is (pending further investigation) anyone's guess. The Balch Springs Police Department's first story was that Jordan's brother was backing the car toward the officer in "an aggressive manner" when the officer fired the rifle, but video of the incident showed that particular tale to be false. More information may come from other officers at the scene, but questioning was postponed while they were given time, according to a police spokesman, to "decompress." Fatal police shootings of unarmed African American men - and boys, like Jordan Edwards - have fueled righteous anger across the nation and have led many to claim that police departments are stocked with racial bigots bent on state-sanctioned murder. It is far more likely that officers who needlessly kill are very much like a majority of us - affected by unconscious and unwanted biases built into our history and culture, and lacking in the extraordinary skill, training and presence of mind that should be (but often are not) mandatory for professionals who wear badges, carry guns and are called upon to protect public safety by making split-second decisions under stressful circumstances. In the end, though, the underlying reasons for unwarranted police killings are almost beside the point when the deadly results are the same. Too many police departments in small cities like Balch Springs, Texas, or Ferguson, Mo., and even large ones like Baltimore, Chicago, New York and Los Angeles, fail in hiring, training, supervising and psychologically evaluating their officers. Too many departments are stuck in outdated tactics, despite a wealth of data and information about best practices. Too many police stop, search and arrest - and kill - blacks and Latinos in far greater numbers than whites in response to similar behavior. What's more, department rules are relatively lenient toward officers who use their weapons, and criminal prosecution of unnecessary shootings is uncommon, leading to a culture in which police officers may feel confident they won't be held accountable for their missteps. In his second term, President Obama took some meek and tentative steps to bring policing practices up to date. The Department of Justice entered into consent decrees with agencies whose practices routinely violated the civil rights of those they policed. Many officers and their unions bristled at what they saw as outside interference. Many department and city leaders welcomed the assistance. But federal help and pressure have now evaporated under the administration of President Trump and Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions, whose statements and directives reveal a stunningly shallow view of policing as a war between cops and criminals, and who see desperate attempts to curb police failures like the one that ended the life of Jordan Edwards as aid and comfort to the enemy. We are left to rely on the too-often unreliable rectitude of police departments like the one in Balch Springs, which over the weekend said in effect that the victim had it coming to him. And on tools such as video, which on Monday compelled the department to retract its story and led the chief to acknowledge that shooting an unarmed teenager in the head with a rifle as his car was moving away from officers failed to meet the department's "core values." We are left to wonder why officers who witnessed the killing are accorded time to decompress before questioning, and to imagine how differently police might treat civilian triggermen and eyewitnesses. Police have cautioned against over-reliance on video, even as many agencies have moved rapidly to equip officers with body cameras. They have resisted clear guidelines for when such images should be released to the public. (The Balch Springs video has not yet been released.) They have relied for the most part on their own counsel when deciding what weapons to carry and when to use them. Without national leadership, and with courts that accord officers wide latitude, pressure to reform policing comes in the form of public anger. It is a dangerous, unfocused, unmanageable, unpredictable force - as those of us who were in Los Angeles 25 years ago well remember. Surely we can do better, but we struggle to figure out just how. Online: http://www.latimes.com/ ___ May 2 The Washington Post on Trump's idea of considering increasing the federal excise tax on motor fuels: THERE IS an upside to President Trump's unorthodox style of communication: Sometimes he comes out with a good idea that a less mercurial national figure might avoid out of conventional political caution. So it was with his remark during an interview with Bloomberg News, to the effect that he "would certainly consider" increasing the federal excise tax on motor fuels to help pay for an increase in federal infrastructure spending. Mr. Trump's one condition should present no obstacle: He said he could support a hike only if the money went to pay for highways, but the law already requires that it go into a trust fund dedicated to the purpose. Beyond that, his statement was just right. The two main revenue sources of that trust fund - an 18.4 cents -per-gallon federal gasoline tax and a 24.4?cents-per-gallon tax on diesel - have not been raised since 1993. That is to say, they have been cut, when you take inflation into account, by 40 percent over the past 24 years. Consequently, the Highway Trust Fund (which also subsidizes mass transit) is chronically underfunded and transportation needs are going unmet. Frightened of being labeled tax-raisers, presidents and members of Congress from both parties have shied away from increasing the levy or even letting it keep pace with inflation. Politicians chose instead to adopt a bill in December 2015 that purported to replenish the trust fund through such unsustainable budgetary gimmicks as a raid on the Federal Reserve's cash flow. Mr. Trump said he has been influenced by a friend in the trucking industry, which both benefits from a well-maintained road system and suffers from an insufficient one, in the form of congestion and vehicle damage. Accordingly, American Trucking Associations has long favored higher fuel taxes. The user-fee approach to paying for the roads makes sense for ordinary motorists as well: It's penny-wise and pound-foolish to resist slightly higher prices at the pump, because automobile drivers, too, must pay for pothole-caused damage and time lost to traffic. Of course no one likes to pay more for fuel; policy should be adjusted to help mitigate the impact of this inevitably regressive levy on those who can least afford it. Still, at $ 2.38 per gallon, Tuesday's nationwide average price of regular gasoline was less than what Americans paid 70 years ago, adjusted for inflation. The tax increase needed to cover currently planned Highway Trust Fund spending would be small - roughly a dime per gallon, according to a 2015 Congressional Budget Office report . Ideally, Congress and the Trump administration could agree to a significantly larger amount, then index it to inflation permanently to assure the trust fund's long-term stability. By the way, a higher gas tax would help reduce fuel consumption and thus would be extremely effective in combating climate change as well. Admittedly, that's not exactly one of Mr. Trump's favorite causes. But he wouldn't have to include it in his talking points. Online: https://www.washingtonpost.com/ ___ May 3 The Boston Herald on Washington reaching a deal to prevent a federal government shutdown until September: So either "This is what winning looks like" or "Our country needs a good 'shutdown' in September to fix (this) mess!" Yes, we're confused too. In an early morning tweet yesterday President Trump seemed so unhappy with the temporary spending deal struck by congressional Republicans to keep the government up and operating until September that he would risk a shutdown then. But by mid-day he had suddenly decided that it's a good deal after all and "a clear win for the American people." The $1.1 trillion spending package does include a $15 billion boost in military spending - half of what Trump wanted - but in the greater scheme of things not a bad deal. And it includes $1.5 billion in additional cash for border security - some of it for "fixing" existing portions of the border wall. As for all those proposed cuts in domestic spending, well that's just a big nevermind. The proposed $1.2 billion cut to the National Institutes of Health? NIH got a $2 billion increase. Defunding Planned Parenthood? Nope. The Environmental Protection Agency takes a 1 percent haircut on its $8 billion budget. In short, this was the usual Capitol Hill log-rolling with a little something for everyone - like $61 million to reimburse local law enforcement for the cost of protecting the president when he travels to his homes in New York or Palm Beach. That made Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer happy. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin (D-Va.) found common ground in $4.6 billion for extended health benefits to coal miners and their families. And so it goes for 1,665 pages. White House budget director Mick Mulvaney criticized Democrats yesterday for "spiking the football," which, of course, they did with Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi crowing about the agreement. And that likely accounts for the presidential tweet. What this agreement represents is business as usual on the Hill. And in a world of crazy, that's not such a bad thing. Online: http://www.bostonherald.com/opinion/editorials/2017/05/editorial_dc_business_as_usual ___ May 2 The Orange County Register on UC Berkeley and colleges nationwide as forums for practicing the political process: It seems there's no escape from a showdown between far-left and far-right activists. They've made California, and UC Berkeley in particular, into a sort of ground zero for a battle of words - and sometimes more than just words. While free speech and political correctness are the hot buttons, something even broader is at stake. Americans are anxious and uncertain about whether we still have what it takes to practice politics together in a face-to-face way, not just as members of contending teams or tribes, but as fellow citizens. But, in spite of the many grievances surrounding prior street clashes and the complicated cancellation of an address by Ann Coulter, the latest encounter between polar opposites at Berkeley has given Californians and Americans a good look at our better angels. Several days of protests culminated not in hand-to-hand combat but in the sort of dialogue and conversation that national leaders have so often called for, but rarely been able to lead in an unscripted and spontaneous way. Such episodes can seem fleeting and marginal to hardened cultural warriors, and, indeed, often they are. Nevertheless, amid the current climate of mutual hostility - and confronted with the well-intentioned but reactive brittleness of Berkeley administrators ultimately unwilling to risk what activists on both sides were able to - last week's peacefully interactive protests gently threw down an unexpected gauntlet to campuses across the country. As campuses have become fraught, paralyzed places, the gatherings at Berkeley have raised the question of whether a better social education will have to be found elsewhere, or at least outside the auspices of our institutions of higher learning. To be sure, while some agitators and provocateurs have a vested professional interest in seeing crowds pushed to the breaking point, if not beyond, too many colleges and universities have spent years tying themselves into the kind of emotional and political knots that beg for a cathartic moment, however angry, to cut people loose. A half-revolutionary, half-bureaucratic movement to sanitize and control all interaction has gone too far, and more in a social way than a political one. "Correctness" today too often means far more than observing the right political pieties. It pushes deep into the intimate details of students' and others' lives, hearts and minds, taking on an authoritarian cast that isn't diminished by administrators' sense that justice or sensitivity might demand it. Meanwhile, everyday Americans, often possessed of relatively extreme or unusual opinions, have found a way - absent organized violence from "antifa" anarchists - to sidestep the toxic cloud of campus anxiety and take one another as they find them: as human beings who share deep concerns that America has wound up at a crossroads where politics as usual can't continue without breaking down. Theirs is a spirit and a practice that ought to be second nature to administrators and students on any campus - certainly at Berkeley, where the contemporary free speech movement began in earnest during wildly more troubled and dangerous times. If colleges and universities can no longer provide students - and the rest of us - with a basic model of free citizenship, we've learned in the past week not to lose hope that we can still count on one another to deliver. Online: http://www.ocregister.com/
