Mom, 36, 'bit, beat and threw her children, aged seven and nine, against the WALL' for opening their Christmas gifts early
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4059540/Mom-allegedly-beat-bit-children-opening-Christmas-gifts-early.html
 18:54 BST, 22 December 2016 
         Sascha Collins, 36, allegedly beat and bit her sons, aged seven and nine, after they opened their Christmas presents early An Indiana mother has been arrested after she allegedly beat and bit her young children for opening their Christmas presents early. Sascha Collins, 36, hit her sons, aged seven and nine, with a belt buckle, threw them against a wall and bit one of them as punishment, according to police.She was charged with domestic battery with bodily injury to a person under 14 and, in a separate charge, to a disabled child. One of her sons has a mental disability.Authorities said they were called when Collins' teenage daughter returned to their Greenfield home on Sunday and found her younger brothers covered in bruises and marks. The sister told police she had gone Christmas shopping with her mother the night before and they had wrapped the gifts before Collins hid them in her own closet.She said her mother, who she called an alcoholic, then consumed an excessive amount of alcohol and snorted half a Hydrocodone pill, an opioid pain medication.Collins' daughter said she left the house for around 45 minutes the next day. When she returned, she heard her brothers crying.She said her mother had revealed that the boys had opened their presents early. Collins then told her she had been 'blessed with the worst kids ever'.  Her brothers revealed that Collins had thrown them into walls and struck them with a belt. One was hit in the face and bitten, according to WISH.          Collins' teenage daughter (pictured with the two boys) returned to their Greenfield, Indiana home on Sunday and found her younger brothers covered in bruisesCollins also allegedly threatened to beat and kill one of her sons with her boyfriend's help, according to court documents.  The sister also revealed the police that Collins' calls her mentally disabled son 'retarded' whenever she is mad at him, the documents read.  Collins was arrested after her daughter removed the boys from the home and called police.'She was put in an incredibly difficult situation,' Hancock County Prosecutor Brent Eaton said of Collins' daughter to Fox 59. 'There's a lot of adults put in that same situation, maybe they don't want to say something, they don't want to rock the boat.' 'She put somebody else's interests in front of her own and she did what was right.' Investigators interviewed the boys and one revealed that, after he had been hit, he went into his room, hid in a corner, and put all his presents back into their box. 'When we see these types of these happen it breaks our hearts knowing that this is going on,' said acting Greenfield Police Chief Derek Towle.          Collins' daughter said her mother had revealed that the boys had opened their presents early. Collins then told her she had been 'blessed with the worst kids ever' (pictured is their home)   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Shocking video shows Texas mother hitting her nine-year-old...    Parents are arrested after their twin babies were found...    

Share this article
Share

 'We try to see that it was just a kid's excitement and that is what we want for them to have, excitement around Christmas time.'  Collins told police her children were 'disrespectful and out of control' and said she spanked them. The mother also admitted she 'went overboard' and 'just lost it', claiming she didn't remember everything. She also told police 'there is no excuse' for what she did and that she loves her children.  Collins could face up to 12 years behind bars if convicted. The Department of Child Services is now involved. The boys' did not need to receive medical attention for their injuries.   
