Fury as ALL passengers forced off plane after one refused to fasten his seatbelt and shoved an air hostess in Phoenix
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4851540/Airline-passenger-arrested-flight-shoving-hostess.html
 17:09 BST, 4 September 2017 
         Airline passenger David Clyne Dutson, 58, was arrested for shoving an air hostess and refusing to fasten his seat belt on board a flight to DenverPassengers were left furious after being forced off their flight to Denver when a traveller shoved an air hostess and refused to fasten his seat belt.David Clyne Dutson of Tucson, 58, pushed the hostess and refused to disembark the plane before police were called to arrest him at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport.After Dutson refused to budge, enraged passengers were ejected from the plane while police apprehended the man.  Dutson was released from jail the following day after making an initial court appearance during which the case was dismissed.However it was dismissed without prejudice, meaning it can be refiled. Meanwhile, in August, a passenger on an American Airlines flight to Minneapolis from Los Angeles reportedly tried to open one of the plane's exit doors while the flight was in the air.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Fugitive Italian 'cocaine king' is arrested while living the...    The brides not allowed to smile on their big day: Brokered...      Stand and deliver! Woman who went grocery shopping stops to...    

Share this article
Share

 Passenger Richard Munassi said passengers began 'yelling and screaming' during Flight 604 on Saturday as they tried to subdue the man, who has not been publicly identified.'There was a lot of yelling and screaming. I thought perhaps two of the passengers had gotten into maybe a fist fight,' he told WCCO.         A passenger on American Airlines Flight 604 to Minneapolis from Los Angeles on Saturday was arrested after he reportedly tried to open one of the plane's exit doors while the flight was in the airMunassi said he was still unaware of what was happening until the pilot of the flight spoke on the plane's intercom system. 'It wasn't immediately after (the pilot) letting us know that we were in descent. It was a couple of minutes afterward, so he had a plan to open that door as we were getting close to the ground,' Munassi said.Fellow passenger, Salman Elmi, said that it was a 'crazy experience' as he watched people subdue the man while reaching for the door handle.  
