PM given all clear to continue: ministers
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/aap/article-5187165/PM-given-clear-continue-ministers.html
 00:35 BST, 17 December 2017 
 It's been a tough year for Malcolm Turnbull but with two by-election wins under his belt, his colleagues believe he has secured his prime ministership heading into a potential 2019 election. Liberal John Alexander retained his Bennelong seat on Saturday, defeating former Labor premier Kristina Keneally, and restoring the government's one-seat majority in the House of Representatives. Just weeks earlier Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce was returned to his seat of New England, with the two outcomes putting to rest the citizenship crisis for now. "Labor invited the people of Bennelong to send a message to Malcolm Turnbull, and the message they sent was please continue doing the job you're doing," government frontbencher Paul Fletcher told ABC television on Sunday. Senior Labor frontbencher Tony Burke said Mr Fletcher and others in the coalition appeared to have received no message at all from the Bennelong voters, which saw a swing of more than five per cent against the government. Such a swing would be big enough to throw them out of office in a general election. "If ... they say to the people - we haven't heard anything from you, the only message we're hearing is that you love us - then they're unlikely to shift where the public is currently at," Mr Burke told ABC television. He said the next general election would be hard but he was buoyed by the fact one in eight people who voted Liberal in Bennelong a year ago switched to Labor on Saturday. "Certainly there are enough people willing to change their votes that with the right work and the right policy, we can get there," he said. Labor colleague Ed Husic agreed that it was a very big result for his party and if replicated in the next election, a safe Liberal seat like Kooyong which is held by Resources Minister Josh Frydenberg would be reduced to a marginal seat. "To have these type of swings in safe Liberal seats, there will be a lot of nervous eye twitches and collar-pulling into 2018," Mr Husic told Sky News. Junior federal minister Craig Laundy believes the government must now focus on the economy. "Next year becomes a knock them down, drag them out discussion about the economy ... I'll take that fight every day of the week and twice on Sunday," Mr Laundy told Sky News on Sunday. He said the economy is enjoying strong employment growth, and as company profits grow that will also flow to employees' wages. "I think the message is starting to cut through but I think we still have a lot of work to do selling that message," he said. He expects the government will go full-term into 2019. Asked if Mr Turnbull's leadership was secure for the term, Mr Laundy simply said: "Yes."
