Now Laura Trott turns her hand to gardening, furniture...and bikes! Olympic hero trademarks her name in bid to use it to sell products once she retires from the saddle
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3746124/Now-Laura-Trott-turns-hand-gardening-furniture-bikes-Olympic-hero-trademarks-bid-use-sell-products-retires-saddle.html
 01:10 BST, 18 August 2016 
         Laura Trott hopes she will become a byword for quality in gardening and furniture shops around the nationHer name has already lit up the world of cycling.And now Laura Trott hopes she will become a byword for quality in gardening and furniture shops around the nation.Public documents reveal that, in November, with two gold medals already under her belt and nine months before the Olympics, Trott trademarked her own name. The papers show that, among other things, Trott, may one day use her name to sell bicycle parts, pillows, mirrors and essential oils.After becoming Britain's most decorated athlete in the Rio velodrome on Tuesday night, Trott was instantly a household name with many referring to her as the nation's golden girl.Five years earlier, in August 2011, she registered her own company 'LT 1992 Limited' – but with the Olympics just around the corner, she must have had more pressing things on her mind.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       ¿We celebrated with pizza and an early night (to sleep!)'...    Want to give birth to an Olympic champion¿? Have your baby...    Laura Trott and Jason Kenny already have their sights...    Laura Trott and Jason Kenny brush off sniping by Great...    

Share this article
Share
11 shares

 So it was only at the end of last year that Trott registered her trademark name: 'Laura Trott', with an ornate 'L' and accompanied with a heart and a kiss. She has also created the same signature in pink.The documents filed at the government's Intellectual Property Office, reveal that Trott's name was trademarked in February 2016 and will be up for renewal in 2025.The goods she has exclusively earmarked, to be made under the name Laura Trott are wide ranging but include, hair lotions, mirrors, cycling headgear and education training.Companies House documents for 'LT 1992 Limited', reveal that her father Adrian Trott, 56, is also a director and the business is listed at the family home in Cheshunt, Hertfordshire.Its latest accounts, showing £426,345 in assets, were filed in August 2015. In 2015, the company made a profit of £81,981.         After becoming Britain's most decorated athlete in the Rio velodrome on Tuesday night, Trott was instantly a household name with many referring to her as the nation's golden girl Although the trademark has been granted, Trott may simply be assuring that no one else creates the merchandise using her name.In previous interviews, she has said: 'I ride for medals, not for money'. But she has also previously admitted that 'everything changed' after London 2012.Speaking to The Telegraph in 2014, she said: 'I got new sponsors because of my success at the Olympics, so I stayed with Adidas and then Prudential came on board as well, so they are my main partners now. And Wiggle Honda, my professional cycling team, pay me a salary too.'Yet, her rising profile as an athlete has had some perks. She has long shown a fondness for promoting brands and her Twitter is littered with thanks to those who have given her freebies.         The British cycling star appeared unable to believe the that she had made history with her impressive sporting feat Her greatest gift was a new Jaguar and in December 2014, she uploaded a picture: 'Today I said hello to my new car! Thanks a lot @JaguarUK @sportbrake. Perfect for bikes and of course the dogs #newcar.'In another she thanked make-up brand Bobbi Brown for sending her some eye shadows and nail varnish writing: 'All presents arrived!! Thanks @houseoffraser for sorting and for the gift as well. Great taste love @BobbiBrown X.'But perhaps her most bizarre gift was some 'invisalign' braces – a clear gum shield type mouthpiece which straightens teeth.Alongside an Instgram picture of herself with her boyfriend, cycling hero Jason Kenny, she wrote: 'Would you know that were wearing braces in this photo? @invisalign_uk is 100% the way foward! #clearbraces.'Kenny also incorporated a company, 'Jason Kenny Limited' in 2008. Accounts for the year ended March 31 2015, show that he holds a modest £76,664 in assets - £349, 681 less than his fiance.   Pizza, an early night then golden couple head off to plan weddingBy David Williams and Claire DuffinThey may have just become Britain's most successful Olympians, but now Laura Trott and Jason Kenny have an even more momentous adventure up on the road ahead: getting married.And one day they hope to have children who might also excel on two wheels.         Happy couple: Trott and Kenny, who live together in a Cheshire cottage, plan to marry next month when they return from RioThe couple spent the day after their monumental night in the velodrome in Rio giving interviews.Miss Trott, 24, her plaits removed and long blonde hair washed and loose, giggled her way through, pausing only to look up adoringly at her slightly more stoic fiance.And how did the golden couple of the Games celebrate their incredible success? With a pizza and an early night – as both were simply too tired to go out after an exhausting five days of competition.They told of their joy at being able to share their achievements with one another – between them, they now have ten gold medals – but also how they hoped being in the limelight wouldn't change their quiet lives in rural Cheshire.And the pair revealed the challenges of being an Olympic couple – not least the out-of-control feeling they have when they watch the other compete.           Posh and Becks of cycling? Laura Trott and Jason Kenny got together in the run-up to London 2012 and now live together in Knutsford, Cheshire, but despite comparisons with David and Victoria Beckham the couple live out of the spotlight and cycle six days a week.  They are pictured above in August 2012 in LondonKenny, 28, left almost immediately, flying home last night to 'get the dogs' and 'get settled at home'.His fiance spent the night in Rio with her family before flying home today.Both are equally keen to get back to Sprolo and Pringle, their springer cross poodles, and their £500,000 three-bedroom cottage in picturesque Chelford.'I like the quiet life, the fact that we live in the middle of nowhere and walk the dogs in empty fields – that suits me down to the ground,' Kenny said.The 'Bolton Bullet' is much more reserved than Miss Trott, the 5ft 4in eight stone 'Pocket Rocket' who rides with her nails painted in red, white and blue and several earrings in each ear. Their differences are perhaps best illustrated on Twitter, where Kenny has tweeted just 212 times in comparison to Miss Trott's 3,500 messages.Miss Trott was on social media within minutes of their triumph on Tuesday night, when she joked about their future children having great genes. Kenny, by contrast, posted just one tweet yesterday morning: 'Thank you all for the support, and thanks to a great team that put GB cycling way out in front again...not been a bad week has it? he said.It was somewhat of an understatement: Miss Trott became the first British woman to claim four Olympic gold medals with her win in the omnium, while Kenny equalled the British record haul of Sir Chris Hoy after winning his sixth Olympic gold by scooping the top title in the keirin.         Excited: Trott, 24, said now she has won gold she wants to focus on her wedding to Kenny, pencilled in for next year Asked about children yesterday, Miss Trott admitted they had not actually even discussed it.'No but I thought I would put it out there – surely they would be the best omnium rider in the world,' she said.Before then, they have the pressing concern of their impending wedding.'The wedding will be next year, hopefully,' Miss Trott said. 'This [Rio 2016] was our one hurdle to get out of the way. I wanted all our focus to be on this [Olympic games].'I would hate to think that we had half-committed and then it didn't happen for us. So this is now out of the way so now we can plan the wedding.'The couple were keen to keep the details a secret – but said they had chosen a venue.They became engaged in 2014, when they were sitting on the sofa watching her favourite programme, Eastenders.Miss Trott rushed over to Kenny after he won his race on Tuesday night and planted a kiss on his lips: the image of the Games so far. 'I couldn't understand what she was saying,' Kenny said. 'She was just bawling her eyes out. But, yes, it was special and it's good to share it with people you love.'His race had been a tense and nervy affair with two false starts and fears he would be disqualified.But he stayed true to his unbelievable form, and powered across the line first. Earlier that evening, his fiance – small and determined, head down under her huge helmet – had won the final event of the women's omnium by a considerable margin.She then had to watch and wait for Kenny. The cameras zoomed in on her panic-stricken face as she waited to find out if he would be disqualified. She said: 'I was a nervous wreck anyway before it. It's always much harder watching somebody than it is to do it yourself. You are very much in control.'I get so nervous, especially in keirins as well because they are dangerous. That whole side of it freaks me out as well because I don't want him to get hurt.'Kenny said he was much more relaxed, having total faith in his team. 'I was probably the only one who wasn't nervous,' he said.Unbelievably, after their historic evening, Kenny cycled back to the athlete's village where he and Miss Trott shared a pizza.He said: 'I just got on my bike and rolled all the way back to the Olympic village, smiling all the way back.'Miss Trott added: 'We didn't really celebrate. We went and had some pizza, me and Jason. And we literally went to bed at midnight.'It hit me when we were having our pizza that I'm actually knackered and Jason had been through exactly the same.'              Home life: The star cyclists regularly pose on Laura's Instagram account on their dates nights at the theatre, cinema or local restaurantsShe says that Kenny was her inspiration. 'I love the fact that we are here together – there's always somebody to lean on. For me to be able to go into the room and say to Jason exactly how I'm feeling is really important and something that I guess has been a real help towards winning these gold medals.'He has revealed how she likes to 'rant' at him about things that have upset her, and he is happy to let her.Back in the UK, the pair admit their lives, which involve training for over eight hours a day, six days a week, are slightly boring.They do not drink and sometimes even spend their one day a week off on Sunday cycling near their home.But Miss Trott confessed she could not wait to get back to this and be 'normal'. She said: 'I don't want to think about cycling. I just want to be Laura because I miss out on a lot of things. I want to go ice-skating but because we are athletes we can't do that because if I twist my ankle it could be the end of my career. So I just want to go out and be normal.'I want to walk my dogs. We've got a local pub and we have never walked to it. So we want to walk to it. Because now we can do.'I don't know how many Olympics I've got in me. People keep asking me that today but I just want to enjoy these two [gold medals] first because I put so much hard work into this.'As for what the future holds, Kenny added: '[I want to] just enjoy this for now. Obviously we are going to get married and go off on honeymoon.'  
