Prominent black judge claims he was roughed up by UCLA police for minor traffic offense
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2513615/Prominent-black-judge-claims-roughed-UCLA-police-minor-traffic-offense.html
 05:19 BST, 26 November 2013 
Prominent black judge claims he was roughed up by UCLA police for minor traffic offenseDavid Cunningham III was pulled over by police on Saturday morning for not wearing his seat beltHe claims the officer ordered him 'not to move' when he reached to get his vehicle registration out of his glove boxCunningham then claims he was 'pushed up against a patrol car, handcuffed, and told he was under arrest'He was then bundled into a police cruiser before being released 10 minutes after a more senior officer arrived By Daily Mail Reporter   Published: 05:19 BST, 26 November 2013  |  Updated: 05:19 BST, 26 November 2013    


         e-mail          24 View  comments    A prominent Los Angeles superior court judge, who is black, has filed a complaint against the UCLA Police Department for excessive force after he was roughed up during a routine traffic stop.David Cunningham III, 60, was leaving an L.A. Fitness in Westwood on Saturday morning when he was pulled over by campus police for not wearing his seat belt.In his complaint, Cunningham claims that he was in the process of buckling his belt after paying a parking attendant when a UCLA police cruiser stopped his Mercedes.      David Cunningham III, 60, has filed a complaint against UCLA police after he claims they used excessive force when they arrested him on Saturday morning for not wearing his seat belt  When Cunningham reached into his glove box for his vehicle registration, Officer Kevin Dodd told him ‘not to move,’ and when a bottle of prescription pills Cunningham uses for his heart fell out of his vehicle, the officer accused him of being a drug dealer, NBC4 reports.Then, after telling Officer Dodd he needed to step outside of the car to look for the proof of insurance and registration the officer demanded, Cunningham claims he was ‘pushed up against a patrol car, handcuffed, and told he was under arrest.’    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Mayor of small New York town captured on hours of video...    'My happiness no longer exists': Mother of suicide victim...      Horror as screaming woman collapses in the streets after...    

Share this article
Share

 Cunningham's lawyer, Albert Douglas, claimed that Cunningham has not filed a racial discrimination suit against campus police, but did acknowledge the possibility of race being a factor in the incident.‘He lost his cool,’ Douglas told the L.A. Times. ‘He began yelling about police brutality and about being a 60-year-old man slapped in handcuffs in the back of a patrol car for not wearing a seat belt. A crowd was gathering and he demanded they call a watch commander.’      Cunningham has not filed a racial discrimination suit against campus police, but his lawyer did acknowledge the possibility of race being a factor in the incident  A police sergeant was called to the scene and, after arriving ten minutes later, ordered Cunningham to be released.The police department has issued a response acknowledging that Cunningham was pulled over and handcuffed, but had no further comment regarding the incident.Cunningham is a prominent voice in L.A. judicial circles and was also the former president of the Los Angeles Police Commission, a civilian-led group that oversees the LAPD.  
