Zaha makes his point to Moyes with fine strike as Fletcher plays another 90 minutes in United U21 triumph over Blackburn
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2517079/Wilfried-Zaha-Darren-Fletcher-impress-Manchester-United-U21s-v-Blackburn.html
 21:37 BST, 2 December 2013 
Zaha makes his point to Moyes with fine strike as Fletcher plays another 90 minutes in United U21 triumph over Blackburn By Rik Sharma   Published: 21:37 BST, 2 December 2013  |  Updated: 16:41 BST, 3 December 2013    


         e-mail          71 View  comments    Darren Fletcher got another 90 minutes of football under his belt as Manchester United beat Blackburn U21s thanks to goals from Wilfried Zaha and James Wilson. The midfielder, on the comeback trail after being diagnosed with ulcerative colitis, also played the whole match during the U21s 0-1 defeat by Stoke in November. Fletcher, 29, had surgery in January and David Moyes has confirmed that he is training well. Scroll down for video      Strong show: Wilfried Zaha (left) shakes hands with Darren Fletcher after scoring      Smashed home: Zaha pictured scoring the opener, leaving Blackburn's goalkeeper with no chance         Fine fettle: Zaha was the star man as United's youngsters eased to victory against Rovers       Back in business: Fletcher played the full 90 minutes for the second U21 game in a row        Line upsBlackburn: Urwin, Fernandez, Olsson, Lenihan, Daly, Songo'o, Slew, O'Sullivan, Preston, Payne, R. Hanley. Man United: Johnstone; Varela, Thorpe, Ekangamene, James; Janko, Rothwell, Fletcher, Fabio, Zaha; Wilson.  The last time he played for the first team was Boxing Day 2012, in a 4-3 win over Newcastle.Alongside the Scot, Zaha and Fabio da Silva were the biggest names in the youth team that earned a comfortable victory. Zaha impressed, opening the scoring with a low strike into the bottom corner and also earning the free kick that Wilson converted for the second goal.               Riding the challenge: Fabio Da Silva leaps over the tackle of Robbie Cotton at the Leigh Stadium       RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Robson, Keane, Scholes... and Cleverley: Is the United...    Tottenham 2 Manchester United 2: Rooney hits back twice to...     All the latest Man United news, features and opinion    

Share this article
Share

       
