Jamie McDonnell knocks down Tabtimdaeng Na Rachawat to claim WBA Bantamweight title
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-2644773/Jamie-McDonnell-knocks-Tabtimdaeng-Na-Rachawat-claim-WBA-Bantamweight-title.html
 19:50 BST, 31 May 2014 
Jamie McDonnell knocks down Tabtimdaeng Na Rachawat to claim WBA Bantamweight title By Sam Cunningham for the Daily Mail    Published: 19:50 BST, 31 May 2014  |  Updated: 20:33 BST, 31 May 2014    


         e-mail          5 View  comments    Jamie McDonnell completed his tough road to redemption by stopping Tabtimdaeng Na Rachawat in the 10th round to win the vacant WBA World Bantamweight belt. The Doncaster fighter was in complete control as he kept the dogged Thai at bay before knocking him out with a devastating blow to the temple with a left hook. McDonnell was at rock bottom last year after he was infamously stripped of his IBF title and left without a promoter who he spectacularly fell out with.          Seled with a kiss: Jamie McDonnell celebrates with his girlfriend Hollie Coombs after defeating Tabtimdaeng Na Rachawat           On the attack: McDonnell lands a heavy body blow on Na Rachawat on his way to victory          Walking away: McDonnell (right) returns to his corner after defeating Na Rachawat  Relations broke down between McDonnell and his manager Dennis Hobson when the fighter wanted an exclusive fight on Sky Sports to defend his IBF World Bantamweight championship. He grew angry after waiting for five months to defend the title he won by beating Mexico's Julio Ceja last May. In October the pair finally split, but later that month McDonnell was then stripped of the belt for not arranging a mandatory defence. It was a crushing blow. Finally, after two fights to get back on track, this was his shot at a world title again. The fight start fight began with two tense and cagey opening round. Na Rachawat, who had lost just two of 54 fights previously, had never fought outside of Thailand before and was taking his time to get used to the fabulous Wembley surroundings.        Try that one for size: McDonnell searches for an opening as Na Rachawat defends          Making the connection: McDonnell lands a bruising blow as Wembley waits for the biggest fight in British boxing history          Jamie McDonnell (left) takes on Tabtimdaeng Na Rachawat at Wembley Stadium   McDonnell finally loosened up with a flurry of punches in the fourth round, but there were no large blows to the head from either party in the opening five rounds of the fight and Na Rachawat was concentrating on punishing McDonnell's midriff. But it was McDonnell who finally rocked his opponent in the sixth with a left to the body followed by a left to the head. Na Rachawat clearly felt it, but he stood firm. McDonnell was fighting on the back foot, letting Na Rachawat having the centre of the ring but keeping him at bay with jabs.  The tactics were working perfectly and he was comfortably ahead before delivering the final blow to end the fight.  'It means everything to win,' McDonnell said afterwards. 'This gets things back on track for me. It's been a year of my life, but I feel everything is back on track now. 'I've got to give him credit he just kept coming and coming. I was surprised myself. 'I just got to the boxing and managed to get myself out of danger.'     RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Anthony Joshua keeps record intact with first-round...    Carl Froch vs George Groves rematch draws closer as Wembley...      George Groves keeps up his Carl Froch taunts with a tweet on...    

Share this article
Share

        
