Tiger Woods furious at 'grudge-fuelled piece of character assassination' after parody interview in Golf Digest
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/article-2840742/Tiger-Woods-furious-grudge-fueled-piece-character-assassination-parody-interview-published-Golf-Digest.html
 12:27 BST, 19 November 2014 
Tiger Woods has lashed out at Golf Digest for a 'below-the-belt' fake interview with him, calling the article a 'grudge-fuelled piece of character assassination'.Woods, who is recovering from a back problem that has repeatedly hampered his progress this season, lists himself in each place when asked to name his top five golfers of all time in the parody interview.The 14-time major winner has written a blog post in response, revealing his anger at having to 'publicly deny he mistreats his friends and takes pleasure in firing people'.         Tiger Woods was not left amused by Golf Digest's fake interview with him              Woods has not played competitive golf since the second round of the PGA Championship in August and has written an angry blog post about the non-interview, which was trailed on the cover (above)         Woods in action during the second round of the PGA Championship in AugustThe article - entitled My (Fake) Interview With Tiger*, with the subtitle '(Or how it plays out in my mind) was written by respected golf journalist Dan Jenkins for the magazine's December 2014 issue.It includes segments where the fake voice of Woods waxes lyrical about his love of firing everybody close to him, and seems to have no idea who his longtime friend and ally Mark O'Meara even is.The comedy persona also takes on Woods's reputation for being a lousy tipper, and suggests waiters should 'get a better job'.Towards the end of the interview, pseudo-Woods also takes the unusual step of naming himself as all five entries in a list of the best golfers of all time.The character said: 'I rank me at Pebble Beach in 2000 first, me in the '97 Masters second, me at St Andrews in 2000 third, me at Hoylake in 2006 fourth, and me at Bay Hill, Firestone, Memorial and Torrey fifth ... pick a year.'However, the real Tiger failed to see the funny side of the piece, and tried to get even by writing a blog post attacking Golf Digest's journalism.         Woods (centre) won his first Masters in 1997, a victory referred to in the parody Golf Digest interview         Woods won the British Open at St. Andrews in 2000 which the Golf Digest mock interview also mentioned         Woods (centre) wrote a post defending himself from the parody answers that were given in Golf DigestHe began: 'Did you read Dan Jenkins’ interview with me in the latest Golf Digest? I hope not. 'Because it wasn’t me. It was some jerk he created to pretend he was talking to me.'He continued: 'All athletes know that we will be under scrutiny from the media. But this concocted article was below the belt.'Good-natured satire is one thing, but no fair-minded writer would put someone in the position of having to publicly deny that he mistreats his friends, takes pleasure in firing people, and stiffs on tips - and a lot of other slurs, too.'Woods added that he and his agent have written to Golf Digest demanding an explanation - though editors of the magazine have already responded by reiterating that their article is a clearly-marked parody.           RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Henrik Stenson: I'm excited about rediscovering...    Rory McIlroy relieved to take break from legal fight and aim...    John Hahn shoots incredible round of 58 in European Tour...    Sergio Garcia hires former tennis world No 1 Juan Carlos...    

Share this article
Share

 
