Conor McGregor could fight for lightweight title before defending featherweight belt at UFC 200 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/ufc/article-3360298/Conor-McGregor-wants-man-hold-titles-two-UFC-divisions-concurrently.html
 01:46 BST, 15 December 2015 
Conor McGregor could challenge for the lightweight title next spring then defend his featherweight belt against Frankie Edgar at UFC 200 on July 9.In the aftermath of his stunning 13-second knockout of long-reigning champion Jose Aldo on Saturday, McGregor said he would not vacate his newly-won belt to move up a division.He plans to become only the third two-weight world champion in the organisation's history and the first to hold titles simultaneously.          Conor McGregor celebrates after his stunning win over Jose Aldo at UFC 194 in Las VegasAnd his coach John Kavanagh laid out a possible plan for the first half of 2016.'I do think the next one will be lightweight for the title,' he told The MMA Hour. 'Maybe that's going to be around April. March, April, something like that.'Maybe that and then July, UFC 200. Maybe he'll defend the featherweight belt against Frankie on that card.'He's never going to wait until July. Even if I was to suggest it or encourage it, I know it's a pointless effort.'           McGregor knocked out Jose Aldo in 13 seconds to claim the UFC featherweight title in Las Vegas on Saturday        McGregor (second right) and his coach John Kavanagh (right) have said the UFC will give him what he wantsRafael dos Anjos defends his lightweight title against Donald Cerrone this coming weekend while Edgar stunned Chad Mendes with a first-round knockout last Friday.McGregor could fight on the inaugural card in New York on April 23 if mixed martial arts is legalised in the state before then.On Saturday he said: 'I'll tell you one thing that won't be happening. If I move to the lightweight division, there's no way in hell I'm vacating that belt; that's not happening.         Frankie Edgar beat Chad Mendes during The Ultimate Fighter finale and could face McGregor at UFC200         UFC lightweight champion Rafael Dos Anjos defends his title this weekend against Donald Cerrone         UFC lightweight title challenger Donald 'Cowboy' Cerrone takes on Dos Anjos this weekend'I will have one belt on one shoulder and one on the other.'I understand why fighters have done that [before] because many fighters don't fight as often as me, I stay busy.'The belts will still be active because I am active, I'm as active as anyone.'   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Jon Jones thinks UFC should give Jose Aldo his Conor...    Jose Aldo vows to reclaim his UFC title from Conor McGregor...    Conor McGregor and Jose Aldo camps' polarised reactions to...    Conor McGregor is on his way super-stardom... after a...    

Share this article
Share
594 shares

 
