What HAS New Horizons spotted in the 'twilight zone'? Nasa reveals image of mysterious 'JR1' object captured passing through the Kuiper Belt 3.3 BILLION miles from the sun
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-3345185/What-New-Horizons-spotted-Nasa-reveals-image-mysterious-JR1-object-captured-passing-twilight-zone-Kuiper-Belt-3-3-BILLION-miles-sun.html
 22:24 BST, 3 December 2015 
Nasa's New Horizon's probe may have passed Pluto, but it is still surprising scientists. It recently took the closest images ever of a distant Kuiper Belt object, capturing a mysterious object passing 3.3 billion miles from the sun.Scientists say the object, named 1994 JR1, is a 90-mile (150-kilometer)-wide ancient body.Scroll down for video    In this short animation, consisting of four frames taken by the spacecraft's Long Range Reconnaissance Imager (LORRI) on Nov. 2, and spaced an hour apart, one can see this 90-mile (150-kilometer)-wide ancient body, officially called 1994 JR1, moving against a background of stars in the centre of the image  WHAT IS THE KUIPER BELT?    The Kuiper Belt is a freezing ring of debris orbiting more than 4 billion miles from the sun.It is thought to be the remains of the violent and chaotic collisions that led to the formation of the planets.There are an estimated 33,000 objects more than 60 metres across in the belt and three dwarf planets.Astronomer Mike Brown, from Caltech in Pasadena California, has likened the Kuiper belt to the 'blood splatter' left behind by the formation of the solar system.Although now relatively calm and stable, it is likely to be a dangerous place for New Horizons as it may be filled with unseen debris and space rocks.   Nasa says the video demonstrates its ability to observe numerous such bodies over the next several years if NASA approves an extended mission into the Kuiper Belt.When these images were made, 1994 JR1 was 3.3 billion miles (5.3 billion miles) from the sun, but only 170 million miles (280 million kilometers) away from New Horizons. This sets a record, by a factor of at least 15, for the closest-ever picture of a small body in the Kuiper Belt, the solar system's 'third zone' beyond the inner, rocky planets and outer, icy gas giants.Mission scientists plan to use images like these to study many more ancient Kuiper Belt objects from New Horizons if an extended mission is approved. New Horizons flew through the Pluto system on July 14, making the first close-up observations of Pluto and its family of five moons. The spacecraft is on course for a close flyby of another Kuiper Belt object, 2014 MU69, on Jan. 1, 2019.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Meet Surena: Iran reveals life-sized humanoid robot that can...    Nasa to send Orion capsule around dark side of the moon on...    Pimp my spacecraft: Orion craft that could take man to Mars...    Want to buy a UFO hunting satellite? Crowdsourcing project...    

Share this article
Share
140 shares

 The close encounter with what's known as 2014 MU69 would occur in 2019. It orbits nearly 1 billion miles (1.6 billion kilometers) beyond Pluto.Nasa and the New Horizons team chose 2014 MU69 in August as New Horizons' next potential target, thus the nickname PT-1. Like Pluto, MU69 orbits the sun in the frozen, twilight zone known as the Kuiper Belt. MU69 is thought to be 10 times larger and 1,000 times more massive than average comets, including the one being orbited right now by Europe's Rosetta spacecraft. On the other end, MU69 is barely 1 percent the size of Pluto and perhaps one-ten-thousandth the mass of the dwarf planet. So the new target is a good middle ground, according to scientists.A separate image released earlier this month provides fascinating new details to help the science team map the informally named Krun Macula, which is the prominent dark spot at the bottom of the image.        New Horizons scientists made this false color image of Pluto using a technique called principal component analysis, in a bid to highlight the many subtle colour differences between Pluto's distinct regions. The image data were collected by the spacecraft's Ralph/MVIC color camera on July 14 at 11:11 AM UTC, from a range of 22,000 miles (35,000 kilometers).  There, researchers also revealed Pluto's South Pole may contain giant ice volcanoes, according to new 3D images from Nasa's New Horizons probe.  NEW HORIZONS' NEW MISSIONThe spacecraft that gave us the first close-up views of Pluto now has a much smaller object in its sights.New Horizons is now track to fly past a recently discovered, less than 30-mile-wide object out on the solar system frontier. The close encounter with what's known as 2014 MU69 would occur in 2019. It orbits nearly 1 billion miles (1.6 billion kilometers) beyond Pluto.Nasa and the New Horizons team chose 2014 MU69 in August as New Horizons' next potential target, thus the nickname PT-1. Like Pluto, MU69 orbits the sun in the frozen, twilight zone known as the Kuiper Belt. MU69 is thought to be 10 times larger and 1,000 times more massive than average comets, including the one being orbited right now by Europe's Rosetta spacecraft. On the other end, MU69 is barely 1 percent the size of Pluto and perhaps one-ten-thousandth the mass of the dwarf planet. So the new target is a good middle ground, according to scientists.The team plans to formally ask Nasa next year to fund the mission extension for studying MU69.Scientists promise a better name before showtime on January 1, 2019.  One of the volcanoes, known as Wright Mons, is thought to be 1.8 to 3.1 miles high (3 to 5km) while the other, Piccard Mons, is up to 3.5 miles (6 km) high.These huge structures have deep depressions at their heart, and may have been recently active, astronomers claim.'We're not yet ready to announce we have found volcanic constructs at Pluto, but these sure look suspicious and we're looking at them very closely,' said Jeff Moore, a planetary scientist at Nasa.Nasa says that if Pluto does have cryovolcanoes, it may be an indication that there is volatile ice that coat its surface.         The dwarf planet captured from New Horizons on 13 July, around 16 hours before the moment of closest approach. New Horizons scientists made this false color image of Pluto using a technique called principal component analysis, in a bid to highlight the many subtle colour differences between Pluto's distinct regionsThese volatile ices may be driven by an internal heat source. According to a report in Nature, the most likely the radioactive decay of elements left over from Pluto's birth, 4.5 billion years ago.'These are big mountains with a large hole in their summit, and on Earth that generally means one thing - a volcano,' said Oliver White, New Horizons researcher.'If they are volcanic, then the summit depression would likely have formed via collapse as material is erupted from underneath.'The strange hummocky texture of the mountain flanks may represent volcanic flows of some sort that have travelled down from the summit region and onto the plains beyond, but why they are hummocky, and what they are made of, we don't yet know.'While their appearance is similar to volcanoes on Earth that spew molten rock, ice volcanoes on Pluto are expected to emit a somewhat melted slurry of substances such as water ice, nitrogen, ammonia, or methane.         Researchers also revealed Pluto's South Pole may contain giant ice volcanoes, according to new 3D images from Nasa's New Horizons probe. One of the volcanoes, known as Wright Mons, is thought to be 1.8 to 3.1 miles high (3 to 5km) while the other, Piccard Mons, is up to 3.5 miles (6 km) high.If Pluto proves to have volcanoes, it will provide an important new clue to its geologic and atmospheric evolution. The 3D images also show how Pluto's surface varies in age - from ancient, to intermediate, to relatively young.To find the age of a surface area of the planet, scientists count crater impacts.The more crater impacts, the older the region likely is. Crater counts of surface areas on Pluto indicate that it has surface regions dating to just after the formation of the planets of our solar system, about four billion years ago.But there also is a vast area that was, in geological terms, born yesterday - meaning it may have formed within the past 10 million years.  THE DEMON WORLD: NAMES OF UNDERWORLD GODS PROPOSED FOR NEW FEATURES ON PLUTO           A list of unofficial names for new features appearing in the high resolution images of Pluto have been put forward including mythological creatures such as MephistophelesAs New Horizons begins to send back the first images of the Pluto system, there is a growing, and rather dark, list of names for the features scientists expect to see in them.Named after the Roman god of the underworld itself, the mysterious reddish coloured planet could have a series of craters, canyons, plains and chasms named after dark gods and demons from different cultures.Among those proposed are Ammit, the Egyptian goddess who devoured the souls of the sinful; Supay, the Inca's ruler of the underworld and Erlik, the underworld god in Mongolian mythology.A number of fictional monsters, such as the Balrog from JRR Tolkien's Lord of the Rings and Morgoth from the author's novel The Silmarillion have also been suggested.Although none of the names have been officially adopted, they have been put forward as part of a proposal submitted to the International Astronomical Union by scientists at the SETI Institute as part of a public campaign called Our Pluto.The names could transform the alien looking landscape of Pluto into a world filled with features that have emerged from the nightmares and deepest terrors of mankind.Among the proposed list of names names is Mephistopheles, the demon in German folklore who bartains for Faust's soul in Marlowe's Doctor Faustus.Peklenc, the god of the underworld in Slavic mythology and Xargi, the ruler of the underworld from Siberian mythology, are also among those put forward.Dr Jane Greaves, an astrophysicist at St Andrews University who has studied the atmosphere of Pluto, explained the theme may have been inspired by Pluto's distance from the sun.She said: 'The names in astronomical systems usually form a family, so here the theme is the Underworld, I guess because of the darkness out at Pluto's orbit. Pluto's moon Nix is from a creation goddess though, so more like dawn than darkness.   This area, informally named Sputnik Planum, appears on the left side of Pluto's 'heart' and is completely crater-free in all images received, so far.Scientists said at the meeting that new data from crater counts suggests the presence of intermediate, or 'middle-aged,' terrains on Pluto, as well.This indicates Sputnik Planum is not an anomaly - that Pluto has been geologically active throughout much of its more than 4-billion-year history.'We've mapped more than a thousand craters on Pluto, which vary greatly in size and appearance,' said postdoctoral researcher Kelsi Singer, of the Southwest Research Institute (SwRI) in Boulder, Colorado.'Among other things, I expect cratering studies like these to give us important new insights into how this part of the solar system formed.'       
