Teen dies saving family by selflessly unbuckling his seat-belt and steering their SUV out of the path of a tanker after his step-father passed out at the wheel
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2478172/Teen-dies-saving-lives-car-crashes-way-home-final-project-Eagle-Scout.html
 04:42 BST, 28 October 2013 
Teen dies saving family by selflessly unbuckling his seat-belt and steering their SUV out of the path of a tanker after his step-father passed out at the wheelChristopher Alvelo, 17, grabbed the steering wheel and narrowly avoided a jet fuel tanker truck after his step-father passed out while drivingAlvelo died but the other three people in the SUV survivedHe was returning home from work on final service project he needed to achieve rank of Eagle Scout By Michael Zennie   Published: 04:42 BST, 28 October 2013  |  Updated: 15:10 BST, 28 October 2013    


         e-mail          18 View  comments    A Philadelphia teenager has died in a car crash on his way home from his final project to become an Eagle Scout - but not before he saved four lives. When Christopher Alvelo's step-father blacked out while driving Saturday, he unbuckled his seat belt and grabbed the wheel, steering the SUV clear of a tanker truck full of jet fuel it was about to hit. The 17-year-old's actions saved the lives of his step-father, the two other Boy Scouts in the back of the SUV and the driver of the fuel truck, his family says. Scroll down for video      Bright future: Christopher Alvelo, 17, wanted to join the Air Force after high school and had just completed his final project to become an Eagle Scout        This is the mangled Ford SUV that Alvelo was riding in when he took the wheel and steered it away from a fuel truck        Hard work: Alvelo is seen here working at the park that was his final service project before he became an Eagle Scout  Because he wasn't wearing a seat belt, he was killed on impact after the SUV smashed into a hanger at the Northeast Philadelphia Airport. Alvelo was a beloved student at New Foundations Charter School in Philadelphia with a promising future ahead of him. He planned to join the Air Force after he graduated this spring.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Boy, 16, 'killed his mother with his friend's help' after...    Body found in park by hiker belongs to Mandy Matula, the...    

Share this article
Share

 And no one was surprised he used his final moments on Earth to save lives. 'That's Chris. That's all I can say, that's Chris. He saved lives and he was a hero,' his aunt Susie Formeski told WCAU-TV.       Alvelo's principal said he was the kind of boy who parents wished could be their son or date their daughter       Joseph Snyder, Alvelo's step-father, blacked out while driving home  Alvelo's step-father Joseph Snyder, 51, was taken to the hospital in critical condition, but is expected to survive. The two other Scouts were treated for minor injuries. Foremski told the Philadelphia Inquirer that Snyder was driving Alvelo and two other Scouts home from a morning of cleaning up a city park. It was the last project Alvelo needed to complete before he could be promoted to Eagle Scout - the highest rank in scouting. It was an achievement was the result of years of hard work and dedication to the Boy Scouts. And it was just another outstanding aspect of Alevelo's short life, his friends and family say.'He was a gentleman's gentleman. If you have a son, you wanted him to be your son, and if you had a daughter, you wanted him to date your daughter,' his principal Bill Schilling said. 
