Heston Blumenthal to be given a hip replacement at the age of 47 after decades of slaving in the kitchen takes their toll
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2388446/Heston-Blumenthal-given-hip-replacement-age-47-decades-slaving-kitchen-takes-toll.html
 02:03 BST, 10 August 2013 
Heston Blumenthal to be given a hip replacement at the age of 47 after decades of slaving in the kitchen takes their tollCelebrity chef Heston Blumenthal 'given no choice' by doctorsWorking as a chef and strenuous exercise to blame for op By Jane Fryer for the Daily Mail   Published: 02:03 BST, 10 August 2013  |  Updated: 02:03 BST, 10 August 2013    


         e-mail          139 View  comments     Years of racing around kitchens and slaving over a hot stove have left Heston Blumenthal needing a hip replacement at the age of 47.The celebrity chef is known for ‘molecular’ dishes like snail porridge, meat fruit and bacon and egg ice cream – but he has had his fair share of health problems.Now doctors have told him that a combination of gruelling 120-hour weeks and his dedication to fitness – he is a karate black belt – have taken a toll on his body.       Steaming ahead: Celebrity chef Heston Blumenthal, pictured out with his girlfriend Suzanne Pirret, is forced to have a hip replacement at the tender age of 47 He said: ‘My surgeon looked at my X-rays and said all he could see was just bone on bone – there was no fluid at all. 'He told me that if I wanted to keep doing my job there was no choice – I had to have the op.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Cold-hearted Nigella has simply abandoned me, says her...    'Over the hill at 52': Car salesman is consigned to the...      Burned beyond imagination: Acid burn girls rushed to a...    

Share this article
Share

 'It’s quite uncomfortable. It has its moments when it gets worse than others.’ However, the Michelin-starred chef refuses to let the pain get in the way of his daily work-out.‘I am still exercising. I’d rather put up with the discomfort than stop the exercise.       Not so hip: Heston said doctor's told him he had no choice but to have a hip replacement if he wanted to keep cooking 'I can’t play racket ball, which I used to do every morning, but I can do the exercise bike and the cross trainer. ‘I broke my shoulder last year, but now it’s fixed I’ve started doing weights again. I do that about 8-10 hours a week, sometimes twice a day.’       And with two restaurants to run, endless TV commitments, contracts with Waitrose and Channel 4 and a new glossy coffee table book – Historic Heston Blumenthal  –  out in October, his main problem is finding time for the operation.He explained: ‘I want to put it off as long as possible. Partly because there’s no guarantee how long the new hip will last.’He is no stranger to  dramas having endured a five-hour operation to have two titanium rods  inserted at the base of his spine to counteract chronic back pain.Blumenthal is also accident-prone. He nearly lost the sight in his right eye during a play fight with ex-Arsenal player Lee Dixon.‘I rammed a loo roll in his mouth and he retaliated by sticking the toilet brush in my face.'Unfortunately it still had bleach on which is why I can’t wear contact lenses.’ Four years ago he broke a bone in his hand playing cricket  and at the age of nine, he broke his leg falling off a roof. Blumenthal said: ‘My hip problem is a combination of martial arts, a stretched leg which put my hips out of alignment and my back. 'I’m gradually being rebuilt. It’s funny because I’m feeling pretty good... but it won’t last.’   
