Gavin ready to ditch Lonsdale belt if it gives him chance of European title shot
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-2250714/Frankie-Gavin-ditch-British-Lonsdale-belt-necessary-European-title-shot.html
 18:48 BST, 19 December 2012 
Gavin ready to ditch Lonsdale belt if it gives him chance of European title shot By Phil Barnett, Press Association   Published: 18:48 BST, 19 December 2012  |  Updated: 23:20 BST, 19 December 2012    


              View  comments   Frankie Gavin insists there will be no room for sentiment if he has to dump the prestigious British Lonsdale belt in order to secure a European welterweight shot.The domestic champion defends his crown for the first time against Jason Welborn at Walsall Town Hall on January 18.The Birmingham fighter earned the title by outsmarting wily veteran Junior Witter recently and has been rewarded with a seemingly straightforward assignment in nearby Walsall against local lad Welborn.      No room for sentimentality: Frankie Gavin will ditch the belt if needs be 'Nobody wanted to fight Witter, nobody was calling him out except me,' the 27-year-old said.'I got myself into the mandatory position and did what I had to do to get the best of him.'The dust has settled on that and it's about defending the title now. Jason Welborn will do everything he can to get close to me and knock me out but I've got different feelings about that.'I'll use my ring smarts and ring craft and hopefully will have too much for him.'It's going to be a great atmosphere. He sells a lot of tickets, I do too, it's going to be packed. It's great for me to be back in my local area in a Brum v Black Country scrap.'Gavin (14-0, 10KOs), who is ranked in the European top 10, added: 'It's very important to me to keep busy and keep this belt but if the two defences don't happen quickly and I get offered a European title shot or something different of that stature then I'll take it.      Up for it: Gavin (right) in action against Michael Lomax 'It's important that I keep winning. That's all that matters to me.'I've got a winner's mentality. I just want to win, win, win. Whatever it takes.'Welborn (11-1, 5 KOs) is happy to postpone Christmas festivities in order to fulfil his dream.He said: 'It's two local lads fighting in the local area and you don't often get fights like this. That's why tickets have just flown out - he's sold all of his and I've sold all mine. We're trying to get more.'I've got to be good over Christmas but this is my Christmas present, to get that belt. I felt it earlier and I want it.'Local favourite Martin Gethin fights for the vacant British and Commonwealth lightweight belts against Ben Murphy on the same bill.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Price to fight Thompson in February in latest stepping stone towards world title shot    Khan will fight twice in 2013 with first bout in April after striking Showtime deal    

Share this article
Share

       
