Back off Taylor! Michael J. Fox says he wouldn't want Swift to date his son Sam
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2264249/Michael-J-Fox-says-wouldnt-want-Taylor-Swift-date-son-Sam.html
 00:53 BST, 18 January 2013 
Back off Taylor! Michael J. Fox says he wouldn't want Swift to date his son Sam By Iona Kirby   Published: 00:53 BST, 18 January 2013  |  Updated: 08:48 BST, 18 January 2013    


         e-mail          173 View  comments    She has a string of high-profile romances under her belt, the majority of which have ended with her penning scathing songs about her exes.So it’s not surprising that some protective fathers aren’t exactly keen with the idea of their sons dating Taylor Swift.And Michael J. Fox has revealed he would not be best pleased if his son Sam was to become the country star’s next victim.      Foot in mouth: Michael J. Fox, seen at the Golden Globes with wife Tracy Pollan and son Sam, made some stinging quips During the Golden Globe Awards on Sunday, co-host Tina Fey told Taylor to stay away from Sam, who was acting as Mr. Golden Globe.The joke tickled the audience, but it seems the real-life prospect did not sit well with Michael.‘I don't keep up with it at all,’ the Good Wife actor told New York Magazine’s Vulture. ‘Taylor Swift writes songs about everybody she goes out with, right? What a way to build a career.’      All good: Taylor Swift revealed she accepted an apology from Michael J Fox       Blunt about it: The actor criticised Taylor for making a career out of writing songs about her exes The 51-year-old admitted that at first he ‘wouldn't even know who she was’ if Taylor was to turn up at the family home as Sam’s date.But he would definitely remember her if she were to release a record about his son.Michael said: “‘Sam, You Piece of s***.” Oh… that was the girl you brought home!’He was speaking a book party for Ann Leary's The Good House on Wednesday.      Where it all began: Co-host Tina Fey, seen left with Amy Poehler, made a joke that Taylor ought to steer clear of Sam, who was acting as Mr Golden Globe        Famous faces: Taylor, who was at the ceremony on Sunday, has had a string of high-profile romances Taylor has dated the likes of John Mayer, Jake Gyllenhaal, Joe Jonas and Taylor Lautner.Most recently, she enjoyed a relationship with One Direction star Harry Styles, but the pair reportedly split earlier this month.The couple were on holiday together in the British Virgin Isles but Taylor headed home early after an alleged blazing row.Meanwhile Taylor has also sparked rumours of a breast augmentation after showing off a bigger bust recently.      Whirlwind romance: Most recently Taylor dated Harry Styles of One Direction fame, but the pair reportedly split earlier this month after a blazing row while holidaying together  
