The star of TV's Great Escapes Monty Halls shares his experiences running an eco-tours shop in Devon in this enchanting column. This week - the gift that changed his life...
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-2253696/Monty-Halls-shares-experiences-running-eco-tours-shop-Devon-This-week--gift-changed-life-.html
 22:49 BST, 28 December 2012 
The star of TV's Great Escapes Monty Halls shares his experiences running an eco-tours shop in Devon in this enchanting column. This week - the gift that changed his life... By Monty Halls   Published: 22:49 BST, 28 December 2012  |  Updated: 22:49 BST, 28 December 2012    


         e-mail          View  comments         Monty is preparing for 2013 and was very pleased with his Christmas presents Well, that’s it for another year. The tree is already starting to shed a needle or two, the sound of a puttering exhaust is fading into the distance as the last relatives head up the hill, and we can at last survey the carnage that remains. There’s a post-apocalyptic air to the place, something that will linger into the new year, when we pack away the tired old tinsel and the flickering fairy lights.I’ve got a lovely pile of pressies, and my belt buckle is now straining at a pressure of several tons per square inch. Strangely enough the one thing I really needed this year was socks as all this tramping around the hills and along coastal paths has had a devastating impact on my collection. I was genuinely excited to get a massive pile of sweet-smelling, soft, still-joined-at-the-top-by-that-weird-bit-of-plastic socks. I’ve piled them up in the appropriate drawer, and smile every time I open it. All of this sock-related euphoria got me thinking about presents that have genuinely altered my life. That’s the thing about Christmas gifts of course, it’s a chance to provide a touch on the tiller, a little shunt in the right direction for the wayward and the meandering. Amid all the socks and Thermos flasks (everyone buys me Thermos flasks), there have been some real milestones. None more so than from Mr Dyball, my old English teacher.Now, I’m cheating a little here as it wasn’t actually a Christmas present but a surprise gift on my birthday. To understand its significance, it is important to understand the significance of Mr Dyball.He’s something of a wonder, that man, having taught at the same school for over 50 years. The school is Bedstone College in Shropshire, where I was dispatched as a young boy to learn about the important things in life.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       My haven: Rick Stein the chef and restaurateur, 65, is...    She sparkled presenting the Olympics but seeing her father...      The day that changed my life: Britt Ekland...The Swedish...    

Share this article
Share

 For me these turned out to be – unequivocally – rugby and girls, subjects I pursued with startling dedication. I wasn’t particularly good at either I hasten to add,  I was just endlessly mesmerised by the complexities of both. One was an uncompromisingly brutal game that left you broken and sobbing, creating internal and external scars that remain to this day. And the other was rugby. For the whole ten years I was there, I loved Bedstone, but I could never have been accused of being a slave to the books. But the gift of a teacher – the real gift – is to spot a glimmer of something, a spark that just might become a glowing ember. Mr Dyball, the wise old guru, noticed that I spent an awful lot of time in the countryside around the school. He also noticed that, generally under the threat of immense punishment, I could bolt a sentence together. And so my 12th birthday came around, and he headed off to the local town  and bought me The Amateur Naturalist by Gerald Durrell. This mighty tome is  a one-stop guide to launch any budding zoologist into the wilderness, being as  it is a distillation of the lifetime’s knowledge of one of my all-time heroes.       Monty gives a special thanks to his old English teacher Mr Dyball I vividly remember the book had a real heft about it, the sort of volume that could not only guide you in the woods, but act as a shelter while you were there. It was large enough to fend off a charging bear, while I was sure the cover – invincible, shiny cardboard – could have been repeatedly struck on a rock to create a spark to build a raging fire.It was a seminal moment. Suddenly my pointless ramblings had form, suddenly I had an expert in the field with me. Without that book who knows what I would have ended up doing, where my trackless steps would have led? Having found the right book, giving structure to my enthusiasms, I found a voice to write, penning essays and stories about the sea, the woods and the rivers that were revealed. I’m still writing about them to this day.And so, at this time of giving, may I just say a huge thank you to Mr Dyball. That, sir, was quite a present, and may well have set the path of my life. A book by one of my heroes, given to me by another.    
