The Premier League 'unwanted' XI: Barry, Adebayor, Moses and Bendtner lead list of stars managers won't be sad to see leave 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2399318/Premier-League-unwanted-XI--Emmanuel-Adebayor-Victor-Moses-Martin-Skrtel-searching-clubs.html
 23:03 BST, 21 August 2013 
The Premier League 'unwanted' XI: Barry, Adebayor, Moses and Bendtner lead list of stars managers won't be sad to see leave  By Simon Jones for the Daily Mail   Published: 23:03 BST, 21 August 2013  |  Updated: 01:35 BST, 22 August 2013    


         e-mail          92 View  comments    Players with hundreds of top flight games under their belt are among those desperate to find new clubs before the transfer window closes. A host of Premier League stars are either too far down their club's pecking order or simply unwanted.Sportsmail takes a look at the experienced players searching for pastures new before the transfer window slams shut.  EMMANUEL ADEBAYOR - Tottenham How much? £5million.Why? Not enough goals, too expensive to keep.Where to? Besiktas, Fenerbahce, CSKA Moscow would pay up.      Expensive: Besiktas, Fenerbahce and CSKA Moscow are all willing to sign Emmanuel Adebayor from Spurs  VICTOR MOSES - Chelsea How much? £8m or loan.Why? Too many ahead of him at his club.Where to? Everton, West Brom, Stoke.      In demand: Everton, Stoke and West Brom are all keen on securing Victor Moses' signature  SCOTT SINCLAIR - Man City How much? £5m or loan.Why? Not used enough.Where to? Southampton could buy, West Brom, Everton and Newcastle prefer to loan.      Permanent deal: Southampton are keen to buy Manchester City wide man Scott Sinclair  NICKLAS BENDTNER - Arsenal   How much? £3m or loan.Why? Not wanted, needs a fresh start.Where to? Malaga, Trabzonspor, FC Basel willing to buy, Hull loan.      Arsenal flop: Nicklas Bendtner spent time on loan at Juventus last season but failed to score a single goal  MARTIN SKRTEL - Liverpool  How much? £10m.Why? Only cover now, he wants to play.Where to? Napoli want loan, Arsenal and Manchester City to consider buying.      Cover: Liverpool rejected an offer from Napoli for centre back Martin Skrtel on Wednesday night  JERMAIN DEFOE - Tottenham  How much? £6m.Why? Only second fiddle to Roberto Soldado.Where to? QPR, Stoke, West Brom and West Ham want subsidised loans, Rubin Kazan would buy.      Going back? Second-choice behind Roberto Soldado, Spurs striker Jermain Defoe is wanted by West Ham  GARETH BARRY - Man City  How much? £3m or loan.Why? Will not figure regularly and in last year of his contract.Where to? Everton main runners and want a loan deal.      Man in the middle: Everton boss Roberto Martinez wants to sign Gareth Barry on loan from Man City  PHIL BARDSLEY - Sunderland How much? £2m.Why? Ostracised after being suspended by Paolo Di Canio.Where to? Fulham, Blackburn and Newcastle are all interested.      Frozen out: Defender Phil Bardsley has been suspended by Sunderland manager Paolo Di Canio  DAN GOSLING - Newcastle Utd  How much? £2m.Why? Only makes bench.Where to? Crystal Palace and Cardiff City in the mix.      Benchwarmer: Dan Gosling only makes the Newcastle bench and is wanted by new boys Cardiff and Palace  HEURELHO GOMES - Tottenham  How much? Free.Why? Out of the picture as only third choice.Where to? PSV and FC Twente are keen but need to sell first.      Lone figure: Tottenham goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes is surplus to requirements at White Hart Lane  FEDERICO MACHEDA - Manchester United  How much? £4m or loan.Why? Has fallen behind United’s other strikers.Where to? Parma, Fiorentina and even Doncaster Rovers fancy a loan deal.      Frotnman: Federio Macheda is being offered a route of Old Trafford by clubs in Italy and the Championship                           RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Chelsea 2 Aston Villa 1: Thumping Ivanovic header rescues...    EXCLUSIVE: Liverpool block Benitez reunion with Skrtel by...    Spurs on the verge of triple signing as AVB promises...    Dream come true for Puncheon as winger joins Palace on loan...    

Share this article
Share

    
