Home extensions 'are not a crime against humanity': Minister battles to save planning shake-up 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2218338/Home-extensions-crime-humanity-Minister-battles-save-planning-shake-up.html
 03:19 BST, 16 October 2012 
Home extensions 'are not a crime against humanity': Minister battles to save planning shake-up Nick Boles defended Government plans to double the size of extensions permitted without planning consentTown hall chiefs and councils have opposed the new policy  By Tamara Cohen for the Daily Mail   Published: 03:19 BST, 16 October 2012  |  Updated: 09:33 BST, 16 October 2012    


         e-mail          87 View  comments         Controversial: Planning minister Nick Boles defended the new policy - arguing the current regulations are holding back economic growth The minister behind controversial planning reforms rounded on his critics yesterday, saying unsightly home extensions were not a ‘crime against humanity’.Nick Boles – who has previously described green belt campaigners as ‘Luddites’ – defended Government plans to double the size of extensions permitted without planning consent.Town hall chiefs have hit out at the policy, saying it would encourage unsightly buildings, while councils have refused to implement the plans.But in a combative session with MPs yesterday, the Planning Minister insisted that fees and regulations were holding back economic growth. And he claimed that when councils scrapped ‘expensive and unnecessary bureaucracy’, they would find ‘the world doesn’t end’.Mr Boles also announced that major commercial projects would have to be fast-tracked through the planning process or they would be taken out of councils’ hands.Business parks, distribution centres, chemical works, oil refineries and manufacturing plants will have to be processed within a year or the decision would be referred to the Government’s Planning Inspectorate – with no right of appeal. In his first appearance at the Communities and Local Government Committee, Mr Boles insisted many homeowners were being put off building works because of prohibitive planning fees of around £2,000.Families can currently build a 10ft single storey extension to a terraced property and 13ft to a detached home without permission. David Cameron wants to double these limits to 20ft and 26ft respectively, for three years.      Additions: Homeowners can currently build a 10ft extension at a terraced property - and 13ft at a detached house - without planning consent Mr Boles said the change was ‘not a free for all’ as an extension could not take up more than half the property’s garden and neighbours’ rights to light and party walls would be protected.‘It’s quite a limited proposal,’ the Planning Minister said. ‘We have a growth problem. The economic situation is such that we have an urgent need to support growth. We want to encourage people to do extensions in three years because the construction industry is having a miserable time and we need construction activity in local areas.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       'The Prime Minister is Pontius Pilate, he's washed his hands...    'The Prime Minister is Pontius Pilate, he's washed his hands...      True blue Boris sets out his stall: Mayor praises Cameron......    

Share this article
Share

 ‘But if, as I fully expect, in three years everybody has accepted it, we may look at keeping it.’ He added: ‘The simple question is, is it really such an appalling thing to take the permitted extension right on a terraced house from three metres [10 feet] to six metres [20 feet]? ‘I can see it’s a liberalisation, we came into government to do things like that. But I don’t see it as a sort of crime against humanity.’      Extensions: A YouGov poll commissioned by the Royal Institute of British Architects revealed 54 per cent believe the shake-up would lower the quality of neighbourhood design Last year councils rejected outright 10 per cent of the 200,000 applications they received.A spokesman for the Local Government Association – which represents more than 370 councils – said: ‘The 22,000 applications rejected each year are knocked back for good reasons and it would be wrong if extensions which were previously rejected due to objections from neighbours or because they were judged to blight the neighbourhood could now sneak back in.’ Tory-run councils in Lincolnshire, Mr Boles’s constituency, as well as Richmond in southwest London have already said they will not cooperate. Whitehall sources said that plans to fast-track major infrastructure would limit residents’ legal bills for opposing them and make the process transparent.   
