Courts finally take hard line on travellers as man who began building illegally on green belt land is jailed
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2046106/At-Courts-finally-hard-line-travellers-man-began-building-illegally-green-belt-land-jailed.html
 14:44 BST, 7 October 2011 
Courts finally take hard line on travellers as man who began building illegally on green belt land is jailed By Andrew Levy for the Daily Mail   Updated: 14:44 BST, 7 October 2011    


              97 View  comments   A traveller who moved on to Green Belt land over a Bank Holiday and developed it was jailed by a High Court judge.Within hours of Thomas Cash being sent to prison, the three caravans he and his family were living in had been removed from the land.The case is in marked contrast to the fiasco at Dale Farm in Essex, where hundreds of travellers have lived on illegally developed Green Belt land for ten years.     Jailed: Thomas Cash was jailed for laying concrete on green field land (pictured)Last night homeowners living near the site at Birch Green in Hertfordshire described it as a rare victory for common sense. Cash, 29, and his family bought a field in the hamlet and arrived there on the afternoon of Friday, August 26. It was the start of a Bank Holiday weekend and the travellers were relying on the fact that councils rarely take action until staff return to work the following Tuesday.But on the Saturday officers from East Herts District Council approached a High Court judge, Kenneth Parker QC, who granted an injunction banning building.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Traveller mother-of-nine claimed £63,000 benefits by saying she was 'living alone'    Dale Farm 'won't go back to green belt' as judge says fences and five traveller homes can stay    

Share this article
Share

 The travellers ignored the order and continued laying hardstandings and putting up fences.But on Monday, Cash was ordered to appear before another High Court judge, Richard Seymour QC, and was jailed for four months for what the judge described as ‘a very bad case’ of contempt of court.By 7pm on Monday, the three caravans had been removed.  Cash has now been released following a further appearance before the judge yesterday where he confirmed he would comply with the injunction.      High Court: East Herts District Council got a speedy injunction to make sure the cash family stopped building -they didn't listenHe agreed to remove 50 per cent of the hardcore he had laid and all the fences and panels.His 28-year-old wife Margaret, brother Myls, and sister-in-law Mary were also found to be in contempt of court. All four are due to appear before the judge on October 17 but it is understood no further action will be taken as long as they have followed the terms of yesterday’s agreement. One of the caravans was parked 100 yards from the field next to Birch Green’s war memorial yesterday. But the occupant was understood to be at a hospital with her children and was given 24 hours to move on.Joan Doughty, 81, who lives in Birch Green, said: ‘I’ve got nothing against them and they’ve got to live somewhere. But they’ve broken the laws and the council have acted, so it is a victory for common sense.’      Different: Thomas Cash's case is vastly different from those in Dale Farm, who have been locked in a legal dispute with Basildon Council since 2005A spokesman for Greens Residents Action Group said villagers were ‘amazed’ at how quickly the caravans were forced to move on. ‘The High Court judge was so impressive,’ she said. ‘We were concerned the problem would go on for three months or more.’After a long legal battle, Basildon Council was given permission last month to evict families from 51 plots they own in the Green Belt at Dale Farm, Crays Hill.But the £18million operation was stopped at the last moment after the travellers secured a High Court injunction over a technicality.The council has now been told it can move most of the caravans but the courts have still to rule on applications for judicial reviews over the legality of the evictions.  
