China's prize for peacemaker goes to Putin (... just don't bring the gun to the awards)
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2062036/China-awards-KGB-chief-Vladmir-Putin-Confucius-Peace-Prize-2011.html
 14:38 BST, 16 November 2011 
China's prize for peacemaker goes to Putin (... just don't bring the gun to the awards) By David Gardner for MailOnline   Updated: 14:38 BST, 16 November 2011    


              16 View  comments   Vladmir Putin led Russia through a war in Chechnya that left up to 50,000 dead.The former KGB chief, a karate black belt who likes to be photographed bare chested with guns, rules his country with an iron fist.But yesterday the 59-year-old Russian prime minister was named Peacemaker of the Year.      Unlikely pacifist: Vladmir Putin in typical hard-man pose in Siberia in 2007 A panel of 16 academics who picked him for the Confucius Peace Prize, China’s version of the Nobel, said he was ‘outstanding in keeping world peace'.The clincher appeared to be his opposition to Nato’s support for the uprising that toppled Colonel Gaddafi’s dictatorship in Libya. ‘He appeared to the world in a peaceful manner,’ said Qiao Damo, one of the organisers.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Welcome to the (terrifying) future: Russian super speedcamera can issue thousands of tickets per hour    Now, did I tell you about the time I spent in the KGB? Vladimir Putin tries his hand at dentistry on campaign...    

Share this article
Share

 Critics say Mr Putin’s stand had no bearing on the outcome of the Libyan conflict.The prize committee also praised Mr Putin’s decision to go to war in Chechnya in 1999 as part of a ten-year crackdown on separatists seeking independence from Russia.The judges’ statement said: ‘His iron hand and toughness revealed in this war impressed the Russians a lot, and he was regarded to be capable of bringing safety and stability to  Russia. He became the anti-terrorist number one and the national hero'.                Nominees: Other candidates for the Confucius Peace Prize included Angela Merkel, left, and Bill Gates, right It was the second of Russia’s wars with Chechnya. The first, started by Boris Yeltsin in 1994, claimed about 100,000 lives. ‘These were righteous wars,’ said Mr Qiao. ‘Mr Putin fought for the unification of his country.’Other candidates for the Confucius Peace Prize included German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Chinese agricultural scientist Yuan Longping. 'He became the anti-terrorist number one and the national hero' The prize is as controversial as its winner. It was launched last year two days after jailed Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo was awarded the Nobel peace prize, to Beijing’s anger.The thinly veiled attempt to upstage the Nobel ended in farce when last year’s winner, Taiwan’s former vice-president Lien Chan, failed to show up and the £9,500 cash award was collected for him by a schoolgirl.It was unclear last night whether Mr Putin was aware he had won the award, but organisers are planning to hold the presentation on December 9, the day before the Nobel prize ceremony in Oslo, Norway.Even the Chinese government was uncomfortable at the transparency of the attempt to undermine the long-established peace award. The Culture Ministry ordered organisers to scrap the award in September, saying they did not have official permission to go ahead.  
