Who is the 'Bumcrack Bandit'? Australian police hunt shapely female armed robber who needs a belt 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2079829/Caught-CCTV-Bumcrack-Bandit-armed-low-slung-pistol-hunted-Australian-shootings.html
 18:12 BST, 29 December 2011 
Who is the 'Bumcrack Bandit'? Australian police hunt shapely female armed robber who needs a belt  By Lucy Buckland   Updated: 18:12 BST, 29 December 2011    


         e-mail          40 View  comments    A female armed robber dubbed the 'Bumcrack Bandit' is being hunted by police after going on a wild shooting spree.The below the belt criminal, given her nickname because of her tendency to wear low-slung revealing jeans, was caught on CCTV raiding a bar at the Coomera Lodge Hotel in the Gold Coast, Australia, armed with a silver handgun yesterday.She raided the hotel with a male accomplice, stealing alcohol and cash before fleeing in a flash Lexus which was later found dumped nearby.      Bumcrack Bandit: Australian police released this CCTV image in a bid to identify the armed robber Sergeant Mark Proctor said the pair smashed down the front doors of the Coomera Lodge Hotel about 11.40pm before emptying the till and piling bottles of spirits into a bag.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       The crooks who stole a family's Christmas: Hunt for burglars...    Caught on camera: The moment 'thief stole donation jar for...    

Share this article
Share

 Australian media reported they believe the woman and her accomplice are linked to the shooting of a man at the nearby Pacific Pines Hotel soon after the break-in and firing at a driver earlier in the evening. Officers said the 30-year-old man was shot twice in the arm and later turned up at the 7-Eleven service station at Pacific Pines.      Below the belt: The woman can be seen holding a silver pistol as she vaults over the hotel bar, police said she later shot at a car Sgt Proctor added the female bandit shot also shot through the rear windscreen of a car with the bullets lodging themselves in the dashboard.He said shooting victim was lucky to be alive after the random shooting.The man is currently under sedation and police have not yet been able to speak to him.'The shot was fired from a vehicle or someone standing at the side of the road so obviously, at a moving vehicle, it's very lucky it didn't strike him.' he said. 
