BOXING: Nathan Cleverly claims European light-heavyweight title with fifth round stoppage of Antonio Brancalion 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/othersports/article-1250913/BOXING-Nathan-Cleverly-claims-European-light-heavyweight-title-fifth-round-stoppage-Antonio-Brancalion.html
 08:41 BST, 15 February 2010 
BOXING: Nathan Cleverly claims European light-heavyweight title with fifth round stoppage of Antonio Brancalion  By Sportsmail Reporter   Updated: 08:41 BST, 15 February 2010    


              1 View  comments          Triumphant: Nathan Cleverly Nathan Cleverly seized the European light-heavyweight belt with a superb fifth-round stoppage win over Antonio Brancalion tonight and catapulted himself into world title contention in the process. Maths undergraduate Cleverly has spoken of his desire to celebrate his graduation this summer by fighting for global honours shortly after hanging up his satchel in May. Already ranked by the WBO and WBC, tonight's victory did his chances no harm whatsoever as he picked up the vacant European belt with a patient, virtuoso performance. Cleverly came into the bout with a perfect 18-fight winning record including eight stoppages. The Cefn Forest man has noticeably matured physically recently, however, and in 2009 added the British title to the Commonwealth belt he already possessed as he embarked on a run of five successive stoppages. Cleverly made a sprightly start, firing out rapid jabs and landing the right hand twice in the opening three minutes. He shipped a left hook himself - Brancalion's sole success at that point - but had bloodied the Italian's nose with sharp shots.  A left hook in the second was dealt with well by Brancalion but the Briton pushed on, going for the body in a bid to mix up the attack. Cleverly got away with a low punch late in the round and continued to hold the advantage heading into the third, which proved to be a scrappy affair until the final minute when the Welshman landed a solid right which Brancalion shook off well.       In your face: Nathan Cleverly clocks Antonio Brancalion A straight right and powerful left wobbled Brancalion for the first time early in the fourth and moments later a single right was landed cleanly. Brancalion was solid but too pedestrian, his reflexes too slow to react to Cleverly's well-picked shots.  A right counter as the Italian opened up was landed sweetly before Cleverly floored his man, landing a looping right which sent Brancalion stumbling to the floor as the youngster fired off another shot. The fifth continued in the same vein, two single right hands over the top a few seconds apart looking hurtful. Sensing the end, Cleverly hurt his man with another left hook before two clubbing rights left Brancalion out on his feet, prompting referee Jean-Louis Legland to bring an end to the contest after one minute and 15 seconds of the fifth round.       Down you go: Kevin Mitchell (right) floors Ignacio Mendoza  Earlier, Kevin Mitchell continued his progression towards a world title shot with a stunning second-round knockout of Colombian Ignacio Mendoza. East Londoner Mitchell is closing in on a crack at the WBO lightweight title, likely to be this summer, and needed to come through against Mendoza (27-5-2, 18KOs) on home turf this evening. The 25-year-old delivered in style, feeling his way into the fight before brutally knocking his opponent out cold midway through the second round. Olympic gold medalist James DeGale made a triumphant London homecoming with a superb second-round stoppage win over Matthew Barr. The Beijing middleweight champion had long craved a chance to star in front of his fellow Londoners having turned professional 12 months ago without yet boxing in his home city.       Showtime: James DeGale (right) downs Matthew Barr DeGale had vowed to put on a show after being granted his wish and delivered in style against 32-year-old Barr, flooring him three times in the second round and forcing the stoppage. Former world amateur champion Frankie Gavin extended his perfect professional record to six victories with a six-round points win over Irishman Peter McDonagh.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       BOXING: Nathan Cleverly: I'll make up for lost time against Antonio Brancalion    Chris McKenzie steps into the ring with 'boxing in his blood' and a dynasty to uphold    

Share this article
Share

   
