Man, 49, faces three years in jail after pleading guilty to URINATING on Kellogg's cereal when he worked at the factory four years ago and bragging about it in online video
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-6463345/Man-49-faces-three-year-prison-sentence-pleading-guilty-URINATING-Kelloggs-cereal.html
 15:31 BST, 5 December 2018 
 A Tennessee man faces up to three years in prison for urinating on a Kellogg's cereal conveyor belt at a South Memphis facility four years ago, it was announced Tuesday.Gregory Stanton, 49, pleaded guilty in front of US District Judge Jon P. McCalla on Friday to tampering with consumer products.He was indicted by a grand jury September 11  for 'tainting consumer products with the intent to cause serious injury to the business of any person'.       Images emerged of the 2014 incident two years later in March 2016 when Stanton uploaded the incriminating footage to the internet himself and it went viral on WorldStarUncut.com. Stanton's clip showed him relieving himself on the conveyor belt of cereal and two years ago it was reported products affected could include Rice Krispies, Rice Krispies Treats and puffed rice cake items. By the time the general public laid eyes on the video, it was likely the products affected had already been distributed and expired. The video led the company to alert law enforcement and launched an investigation that involved the Food & Drug Administration.'It has been more than two years since this incident came to our attention, and we are pleased that the responsible individual was brought to justice,' A Kellogg's spokesperson told WMC-TV on Tuesday. 'We want to thank the FDA and US attorney's office for their commitment.'          Gregory Stanton pleaded guilty on Friday to tampering with consumer products. The 49-year-old is accused of urinating on Kellogg's cereal at a Memphis facility       Stanton reportedly uploaded footage relieving himself on a conveyor belt. He could face three years in prison, three years of supervised release and a $250,000 fine when he's sentenced February 28It's unclear what prompted Stanton to urinate on the line or to film and share the act. However, WREG-TV reports the company and workers union were involved in a labor dispute at the time. 'American citizens and consumers rely upon food manufacturers engaged in interstate commerce to provide them with safe and consistent products. This defendant betrayed that trust by tampering with and tainting food products,' US Attorney D. Michael Dunavant said.'We commend the Food and Drug Administration for their investigation in this matter, and we are pleased that the defendant has been held accountable for his criminal conduct.'Stanton is set to be sentenced on February 28 and as well as incarceration, he could face three years of supervised release and a fine of $250,000.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Obesity campaigners' fury as Kellogg's gets ban on Coco Pops...    'Girls can do amazing stuff too': Eight-year-old forces...      'My childhood favourite ruined!' Middle class shoppers moan...    

Share this article
Share

          Products affected could include Rice Krispies and Puffed Rice CakesNow the focus is on making sure an incident like this is unlikely to be able to occur again. 'Maintaining the safety and wholesomeness of the US food supply is a critical priority for the FDA,' Robert Hiser, Acting Special Agent in Charge at the FDA Office of Criminal Investigations' Miami Field Office said.In the statement published by the Department of Justice, Hiser added: 'The agency will work with food producers to identify steps that can be taken to remediate incidents that may implicate food safety. 'Today's announcement should serve as a clear reminder that the FDA will not tolerate illicit tampering activity in our nation's food supply.'
