Italy readies new package to lift GDP, mini-budget ruled out -sources
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-6851207/Italy-readies-new-package-lift-GDP-mini-budget-ruled-sources.html
 11:00 BST, 26 March 2019 
 ROME, March 26 (Reuters) - Italy is preparing a package of measures to lift economic growth this year and avoid the need for belt tightening measures, political sources told Reuters, confirming a strategy which favours fiscal expansion over austerity. The package is part of a strategy to allow the government to present a relatively upbeat 2019 projection for gross domestic product which will in turn be the basis of new deficit and debt targets to be issued next month, the sources said. The "growth decree", which the cabinet hopes to pass on Friday, will increase tax breaks on investments, cut property taxes on factories and warehouses and simplify procedures for public tenders, according to a draft seen by Reuters. Among an array of measures, it will also allow local authorities to spend more on investments, and introduce new rules to help banks shed so-called 'unlikely-to-pay' loans. The timing of the decree is important because it comes shortly before the Treasury presents new public finance targets in its Economic and Financial Document (DEF), which is due by April 10. This forms the framework of the 2020 budget. Italy fell into recession over the second half of 2018, with gross domestic product falling 0.1 percent in each of the last two quarters. This hit the carry-over effect on 2019 and left the official forecast of 1 percent 2019 GDP growth percent looking wildly optimistic. That forecast will be cut in the DEF but it will remain in positive territory and above those of most independent economists, said three sources in the government of the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement and the right-wing League. The sources asked not to be named because they were not authorised to talks about the DEF. (Reporting by Gavin Jones and Giuseppe Fonte; Editing by Crispian Balmer)
