New Knights look to get off to NRL cracker
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/aap/article-6807101/New-Knights-look-to-NRL-cracker.html
 02:59 BST, 14 March 2019 
 "Follow me, everything is alright." They're the Uncle Kracker lyrics Kurt Mann opted to belt out as part of Newcastle's annual tradition for club debutants to sing before their NRL season-opener. Fitting, because Knights coach Nathan Brown is trusting his new-look team to abide by those words as they enter a critical year in their long-suffering rebuild. Seven new faces, including David Klemmer and Tim Glasby, were forced to tune-up their vocal chords before Friday's round-one battle with Cronulla. And it's the last time Brown hopes to hear that many players find a note. "Hopefully with the state of the squad now and where we've moving, we've got that stability and won't see as many people sing," Brown told reporters on Thursday. "But it was good to watch them." The Knights are expecting a crowd close to last year's bumper round-one figure of 23,516 to herald the new campaign. And with good reason. The anticipated move of Kalyn Ponga to five-eighth has been a hot topic over the summer, while the addition of Jesse Ramien gives the Knights attack some serious strike out wide. But Brown has put the onus on his revamped engine room, headed by the new arrivals Klemmer, Glasby and James Gavet, to be the real difference in 2019. Last yearNewcastle were last in average run metres and metres conceded. "If you look at the sides we've really struggled with in the past three years, it's sides that have had good, hardened, experienced forwards," Brown said. "(We've) struggled with the (Sydney) Roosters, we've struggled with Melbourne Storm. It's an area that's certainly been tough for us to compete at times. "Cronulla's had a lot of success in that area. " (But) now with the guys we've added and experience our own players have gained - and where they're at physically now - we feel it's an area we could compete a lot better." The Sharks have also had their fair share of turnover during the off-season. Premiership-winning coach Shane Flanagan was controversially de-registered for dealing with the club while suspended in 2014 over the club's infamous peptides scandal. In his place is rookie coach John Morris, while the club also lured New Zealand international Shaun Johnson to fill the loss of Valentine Holmes after his move to the NFL. STATS THAT MATTER * Cronulla have won just one of nine round-one matches since 2010 - the worst record in the NRL in this period of time. * Cronulla have won their past eight against Newcastle, with five of them decided by 16 points or more. * Cronulla were one of just two teams to prevent Ponga from scoring or creating a try or line break against last year.
