James DeGale will fight for IBF super middleweight title at O2 Arena after Carl Froch relinquishes belt 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-2937838/James-DeGale-fight-IBF-super-middleweight-title-O2-Arena-Carl-Froch-relinquishes-belt.html
 14:22 BST, 3 February 2015 
James DeGale will fight for the IBF super middleweight title on April 25 at London's O2 Arena following confirmation that Carl Froch is relinquishing that belt.The announcement came from promoter Eddie Hearn by way of a 29th birthday present for DeGale.But the mood of celebration was soured by DeGale's adviser, Ambrose Mendy, repeating the slur that 'Froch is a coward for not defending the title against James in the ring'.         James DeGale (left) will fight for the IBF super middleweight title on April 25 at London's O2 Arena          DeGale (right) will fight for the IBF super middleweight title following Carl Froch's relinquishing of that belt         DeGale lost a contentious decision to George Groves (right) in 2011 in their grudge matchHearn and DeGale's trainer, Jim McDonnell, refused to association themselves with that remark. Froch, meanwhile, is negotiating for two major defences of his WBA world title against Bernard Hopkins at the City Ground and Julio Cesar Chavez Jr in Las Vegas.Hearn confirmed also that George Groves is declining the possible opportunity of being the opponent for DeGale in the fight for the vacant IBF title.Groves, who narrowly defeated DeGale in their first grudge match, was second in line behind No 2 contender, Andre Dirrell.Negotiations with Dirrell to meet DeGale have already commenced, although the American is wary of returning to England after believing he was robbed of a decision against Froch in Nottingham. Hearn says: 'We will get a decision on Dirrell quickly by pressing for purse bids if he wants this agreement.         Froch has vacated his IBF world title having not fought since beating George Groves last May         Froch had been due to face Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr in March but had to withdraw with an injury'If Dirrell refuses the fight then we will move down the list of contenders, starting with No 3, Gilberto Ramirez. But whatever happens, James will fight for the title on April 25 and I believe will become world champion that night.'DeGale is bidding to become the first British boxer to go on from winning Olympic gold and then winning a world title. He says: 'I don't care who is in the opposite corner.'I wouldn't even care if it was Andre Ward, who everyone seems to think is the best super middleweight in the world. I'm just excited. I can't wait.'It would be nice if it's Dirrell because I believe that us two and Ward are the three top super middleweights. Of course I would like it to be in London but if his team come up with more money then it wouldn't bother me to fight him in America.' It has taken more than six years for DeGale to be given this chance since winning gold in Beijing, and Hearn says: 'He's waited very patiently.'He's boxed beautifully in his latest fights and he deserves his shot.'            RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Carl Froch set to vacate world title as Eddie Hearn plots...    Carl Froch set for world dream dates against Bernard Hopkins...    Chris Eubank Jnr confident of overcoming Dmitry Chudinov and...    Manny Pacquiao takes time out from Floyd Mayweather...      MARTIN MURRAY: I've taped Gennady Golovkin's face to my...    Kevin Mitchell admits that 'security' was the catalyst for...    Kevin Mitchell beats Daniel Estrada for WBC Silver...    Floyd Mayweather is the only person who can stop mega-fight...    

Share this article
Share

   
