'Cry ME a river!' Barefoot Selena Gomez  sings Timberlake's classic break-up song... two months after ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber performs it
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2265470/Selena-Gomez-sings-Timberlakes-classic-break-song--months-ex-boyfriend-Justin-Bieber-performs-it.html
 18:54 BST, 20 January 2013 
'Cry ME a river!' Barefoot Selena Gomez  sings Timberlake's classic break-up song... two months after ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber performs itAppeared to open up about her break-up to her adorning fansTold the crowd: 'I’ve been through a lot the past few months. It’s been weird and sad and cool. This song definitely speaks to me.' By Jade Watkins   Published: 18:54 BST, 20 January 2013  |  Updated: 13:08 BST, 21 January 2013    


         e-mail          121 View  comments    He performed an emotional a capella rendition of Justin Timberlake's Cry Me A River when they first broke up last November. And it was ex-girlfriend Selena Gomez's turn to sing the quintessential break-up song on Saturday night. The 20-year-old Disney starlet took to the stage at a show for UNICEF in New York to belt out the classic. SCROLL DOWN TO DECIDE WHO SANG IT BETTER...      Stripped back: Selena Gomez went barefoot as she hosted her third annual Acoustic Charity Concert for UNICEF  Before she began singing, she appeared to be opening up about the break-up, telling the crowd: 'I’ve been through a lot the past few months. It’s been weird and sad and cool. This song definitely speaks to me.'Wearing her heart on her sleeve, Selena, who split with Justin for the second time over the New Year, belted out the classic along with a man playing the bongo drums and two guitarists. The pretty brunette wore a bohemian-style white dress and daisies in her hair for the performance, appearing matter of fact about the words as she sang them.      Familiar: Selena sang a version of Justin Timberlake's Cry Me A River, which is known as a classic break-up song       Emotional: Wearing her heart on her sleeve, Selena, who split with Justin over the New Year, belted out the classic along with a man playing the bongo drums and a guitarist                   Flower power: Selena went for a bohemian look which included wearing daisies in her hair and a white smock like dress   With the crowd cheering, after the rendition Selena said, 'OK, enough of that', and trailed off whilst discussing her new movie, Spring Breakers. The rendition comes two months after Justin performed the same song during his Believe tour back in November. The 18-year-old was in the midst of his first break-up with the Spring Breakers star, and emotionally crooned the song Timberlake famously released after his very public split from Britney Spears.     Relaxed: Despite her apparent recent heartbreak Selena looked laid back and in good spirits at the event VIDEO Selena Gomez sings Timberlake's classic break-up song...                 Night out: Following the party, Selena went out for a late night of partying with Nat and Alex Wolff from The Naked Brothers Band and Bridgit Mendler, before heading back to her hotel                  Quick change: Selena had changed into denim jeans, a plaid shirt and a leather jacket         Happy star: Selena couldn't stop smiling as she made her way through a sea of fans Meanwhile, last night Justin didn't appear to be crying about his relationship break down with Selena. Instead he was posting revealing shots of his backside. The newly single 18-year-old posted a photo of himself mooning on his Instagram, then quickly deleted it.      Sound familiar? The rendition comes two months after Justin performed the same song during his Believe tour back in November       Full moon: Meanwhile, Justin posted a photo of himself mooning on his Instagram, then quickly deleted itNo different from the antics of most boys his age, of course, but before the Biebs could think twice about his revealing snap... the image had been liked 86,000 times.Wearing a sunglasses and a hat, Justin could be seen throwing a cheeky glance over his shoulder as her bared his bottom to the cyberverse.His manager Scooter Braun declared it all a jolly good wheeze.Braun took to Twitter to say: 'As a prankster u have to respect another good prank. only makes sense. #crackdealer.'      Larking around: Justin's been busy uploading wacky pictures of himself since his split with Selena, his last laugh was a shot of the teen idol wearing very tight jeansTo which Justin responded with just: 'haha.'Justin's been busy uploading wacky pictures of himself since his split with Selena, his last laugh was a shot of the teen idol wearing very tight jeans.     Over: Selena split from Bieber only a few weeks ago Justin bore a passing resemblance to John Travolta in Grease, not to mention Linda Hamilton in Terminator 2, as he showed off his new look muscular physique in the blue denims and tight white vest.He told his 33 million Twitter followers: 'To those of u who tell me not to sag my pants. Double think that.'Selena split from Bieber only a few weeks ago.The final nail in the coffin came while they were in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico celebrating the New Year and the pair got into a row over Justin still seeing Victoria's Secret model Barbara Palvin.'They had another huge fight, and Selena won't forgive him,' a source told Us Weekly.Justin, on the other hand, saw his name linked with Palvin's once again after the beautiful supermodel insisted there was nothing between them.The 19-year-old model became a target for fans of Justin and Selena after the Disney cutie angrily posted an image of her beau with the model.'You know how the drama started — Selena retweeted the picture,' Barbara told Celebuzz. 'I’m okay to talk about it because I know there’s nothing. It’s ridiculous how this got to the news.'Barbara added that she was just 'hanging out' with the Baby singer during a fashion show last fall.'That was it . . . that’s why it was so weird. They thought I caused a big drama, their break-up.'The two also fanned the rumour flames when they went to see The Lion King on Broadway the night after the fashion show.   
