Now even France is ditching the fizz! Recession cuts champagne sales across Europe
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2254290/Now-France-ditching-fizz-Recession-cuts-champagne-sales-Europe.html
 18:12 BST, 28 December 2012 
Now even France is ditching the fizz! Recession cuts champagne sales across Europe French drunk 10million fewer bottles in 2012 as country tightens its beltBut champagne's biggest consumers still opened 175million bottles this yearSales across Europe fall 5 per cent but grow in US and Japan By Becky Evans   Published: 18:12 BST, 28 December 2012  |  Updated: 18:12 BST, 28 December 2012    


         e-mail          View  comments    Europeans are finding fewer reasons to crack open the champagne as high unemployment and economic woes mean mean more people are tightening their belts. France, which is the largest consumer of champagne, is even drinking fewer bottles and sales dropped this year by 4.9 per cent, or 10 million bottles. But the French still managed to quaff 175.7million bottles between November, 2011 and October 2012 - equivalent to nearly three bottles a year for every man, woman and child.       Mixed bag: Although champagne sales of plummeted in France, the US market is soaring Antoine Chiquet, whose family has been producing champagne for three generations and wine for eight, said: 'The French are pessimist by nature. We had a difficult election, we're in an economy where Europe's foundations are being questioned.'Across Europe sales were down 5 per cent in the first nine months of 2012 compared with the same period in 2011, according to CIVC, the national association of growers and producers of wine.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       See in the New Year clearly with our low-alcohol wine guide:...    Cattle ranch that feeds its cows BEER: Texas farmers swear...    

Share this article
Share

 However, there was some good news for producers.  But while the latest industry figures show that sales might be on the wane in Europe, other markets, particularly Japan and the United States, are developing a taste for a glass of bubbly. Export sales were up three per cent with more than 19million bottles being shipped out to the US and a further 7.9 million to Japan. Takayasu Ogata, a Tokyo-based sommelier, said champagne and sparkling wine consumption is climbing in Japan at a time when overall wine demand peaked about 2000.]      Fizz gone flat: In Europe only sparkling wine harvested from the correct region of France, pictured, can be called champagne and growers admit sales are falling  According to the French figures, champagne consumption alone was up nearly 7 percent over a year there. 'Both individuals and restaurants are taking to champagnes with personality, including those that are from small makers but taste good,' he said. Sales have been helped by a drop in price with champagne being bought for about £15, compared to about £30 in years gone by. Mr Ogata, who works for internet retailer Venture Republic, said bottles do sell for ten times that amount but beer remains the drink of choice. 'It's about the bubble - a sense of gorgeousness. There's that thrill to opening up a bottle of champagne,' he said. China is also emerging as a potentially strong market for a glass of fizz, although the numbers remain small. In 2011, the latest figures available, it ranked 19th in export markets for champagne, apparently because consumers are less discriminating about precise origins. According to an EU ruling, only sparkling wine made in a particular region in northeast France is allowed to carry the name champagne. The United States makes some exceptions, as long as the labelling is clear.     
