Health Notes: Posh races ahead of bootcamp rivals - and doesn't even need to take her stilettos off
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-2638209/Health-Notes-Posh-races-ahead-bootcamp-rivals-doesnt-need-stilettos-off.html
 22:00 BST, 24 May 2014 
Health Notes: Posh races ahead of bootcamp rivals - and doesn't even need to take her stilettos offVictoria Beckham is a fan of the £25,000 Woodway treadmillsShe has customised one so she can work out while wearing stilettos By Mail on Sunday Reporter   Published: 22:00 BST, 24 May 2014  |  Updated: 22:05 BST, 24 May 2014    


         e-mail          1 View  comments    Victoria Beckham and elite US Navy Seals have one thing in common – they both love working out on Woodway treadmills. The machines, which can cost up to £25,000, have a cushioned belt to absorb the impact from running, making them ideal for people who are flat-footed (Victoria suffers bunions, which can be a result of flat feet.Since turning 40, the fashion designer has increased her fitness regime and now takes classes at Barry’s Bootcamp gym in London, where she discovered the Woodway brand. But never one to do things by half, Victoria bought treadmills for her  home and her office too.                    Heels on: Victoria Beckham has invested in a Woodway treadmill with a customised rubber belt for her office so that she can wear her stilettos while she works out  Every morning, she runs for 30 minutes in the gym as fast as possible. Later in the day she uses a Woodway Desk-Mill to walk slowly while checking emails.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Jetsetters David and Victoria Beckham fly into LAX with...    How Posh is turning into Cliff: Pictures reveal the...      Why banning junk food could make your child FATTER    

Share this article
Share

 This treadmill has a customised rubber belt so  that Victoria can wear her stilettos while she works out.‘Victoria is a better runner than you’d expect,’ says a bootcamper. ‘She goes at faster speeds than a lot of the class and she’s not afraid to sweat.’Boosting fertility - thanks to a glass pomegranate juice       Seedy business: A glass of pomegranate juice may help boost male fertility  Drinking pomegranate juice may help  boost male fertility. Researchers have discovered that the fruit improves both  sperm quality and quantity, and now two clinical trials are under way to investigate  the links further.Previously, a study by a team from  Queen Margaret University in Edinburgh  found that drinking pomegranate juice  daily for two weeks increased testosterone levels in the saliva of both men and  women by an average of  24 per cent. And a pilot study detailed in the International Journal of Impotence Research showed that the juice may have benefits for men with erectile dysfunction and impotence.Now the new trials  are taking place at the University of California  and Israel’s Hillel Yaffe  Medical Center.It is not clear how pomegranate juice boosts sperm. One theory is that the high concentration of polyunsaturated fats in sperm cells, which are involved in growth and development, makes them vulnerable to damage from compounds called free radicals. These can damage cells and DNA, laying the foundations for disease and other problems.Lie-ins may be a pleasant way to lower blood pressure, and could help with weight loss too. An extra 35 minutes in bed may be enough for significant improvements in both, and researchers say there’s evidence that sleep could overcome high blood pressure. Getting sufficient sleep may help people stick to diets as sleep deprivation is associated with hunger.Tackling depression not only helps lift your mood, it can also protect your heart, according to a new study.Norwegian researchers examined 63,000 cases of whom 1,500 suffered from heart failure. Those with moderate depression were five per cent more at risk and those with severe depression were 40 per cent more at risk of heart failure.The authors believe the release of stress hormones during depression causes inflammation of the heart and atherosclerosis (thickening of the artery walls), on top of the fact that people with depression are more likely to lead an unhealthy lifestyle.‘Depressive symptoms increase the chance of developing heart failure and the more severe the symptoms are, the greater the risk,’ says lead author Lise Tuset Gustad. Her findings were presented at a EuroHeartCare conference.   
