George Groves hits back at loudmouth Anthony Dirrell as Brit gets set for comeback against Christopher Rebrasse
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-2760890/George-Groves-hits-Anthony-Dirrell-Brit-gets-set-comeback.html
 14:32 BST, 18 September 2014 
George Groves has hit back at WBC champion Anthony Dirrell after the American claimed the Saint was not a worthy challenger to his belt.Groves has been told by the WBC that he will be the mandatory challenger to Dirrell if he can beat Frenchman Christopher Rebrasse in his comeback fight this Saturday. The west Londoner has not been seen in the prize ring since he was emphatically knocked out by Carl Froch at Wembley on May 31st.But Dirrell told Sportsmail that the former British and Commonwealth super-middleweight champion does not deserve a shot at him after successive defeats to the Cobra and a potential win over 'bum' Rebrasse.          George Groves (left) and Christopher Rebrasse pose for the cameras at a press conference on Thursday         Groves (left) and Rebrasse square up to each other ahead of their fight at Wembley Arena on Saturday         Groves performs a workout for the media earlier this week ahead of his fight with RebrasseGroves, who faces the 28-year-old Frenchman for the European and WBC silver titles, responded: 'I'm not taking my eyes off Saturday but Dirrell seems very animated saying I don't deserve it.'The most important bit of news regarding Dirrell is that, once I win this fight, I have confirmation that my next fight will be against him.'We've got the letter from the WBC, on headed paper, saying the winner of this becomes his mandatory challenger. We were going to get it blown up and put it on the gym wall.'I've sparred him, I know him a little bit, we spent some time out in Miami before my fight with James DeGale. I sparred him and his brother.He's a very good fighter and our styles would certainly gel.          Groves is put through his paces in preparation for Saturday's big bout at Wembley Arena       'He's got a lot of courage, good power but he wouldn't beat me in a month of Sundays.'He was a nice guy then but we were not on each other's radar ­ people change once that happens so we will see how he is now.'And Groves' promoter Kalle Sauerland was left fuming by Dirrell's comments that Saturday's fight at Wembley Arena is against 'a bum' in European champion Rebrasse, known as the 'iceberg', who comes from suburban Paris.Sauerland added: 'Dirrell's statement that he's boxing a bum ­well Rebrasse is two places below him in the WBC rankings. Maybe he should drink some coffee, turn on the internet and have a look. To say the No 3 in his federation is a bum? Well that says a lot about Anthony Dirrell.'Dirrell has also stated that he has no intention of coming over to the UK should Groves earn a shot at his WBC title after his older brother, Anthony, was beaten on points by Froch in Nottingham in 2009.But Sauerland added: 'I've got history with the Dirrell family and the crap they talk about coming over to Britain and getting robbed by Carl Froch? It was a close fight.         Champion Dirrell (right) lands a punch on Sakio Bika during their fight in Los Angeles last month       'I saw what happened in Detroit with Arthur Abraham and Dirrell and it still makes my blood boil to this day.'I'm already looking into making the [title] fight. Saturday night we're going to do a job and Monday morning we will be on the phone. We've got the money, the talent, the fans and the market. I haven't got a problem with travelling but we're not going to be dictated to.' Groves and his promoter are hoping that, should they come through against Rebrasse, they could secure the world title shot before the end of the year.Sauerland said: 'There's a loose agreement that they're [Dirrell's team] allowed to take a voluntary defence until November.'Well we're in September and I don't see a voluntary scheduled. We'll be pushing for it and I don't know where else he can go. Cash is king in this business ­and George is cash.'   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       George Groves is a 'fraud' who does not deserve WBC world...    George Groves claims he will be lord of the ring again but...    Nathan Cleverly vs Tony Bellew is almost set, now let’s see...    Floyd Mayweather must put Money where his mouth is and fight...      Scott Quigg swiftly dispatches Stephane Jamoye and targets...    Tony Bellew vows to end rival Nathan Cleverly's career in...    Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr will face off in...    Amir Khan says biters should not be allowed in the boxing...    

Share this article
Share

    
