Rising star Frampton in cruise control as he claims IBF super-bantamweight title 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-2150512/Rising-star-Frampton-cruise-control-claims-IBF-super-bantamweight-title.html
 00:05 BST, 27 May 2012 
Rising star Frampton in cruise control as he claims IBF super-bantamweight title By Peter Doherty  Published: 00:05 BST, 27 May 2012  |  Updated: 09:38 BST, 27 May 2012   


              1 View  comments   Carl Frampton added the IBF inter-continental title to his Commonwealth super-bantamweight belt when he easily outpointed Mexican Raul Hirales at the Nottingham Capital FM Arena. Frampton, whose unbeaten record has stretched to 14, was never in trouble throughout the 12 rounds as he smartly outboxed the Mexican who came to Britain with an unbeaten record. All three judges gave it to Frampton, 120-108, 119-109, 119-109      Smart: Carl Frampton brushed aside Raul Hirales Rising Irish star Frampton started confidently against the unbeaten Mexican, circling the centre of the ring and picking his shots with authority, in particular his right hand found the target in the opening three minutes. The Belfast man patiently looked for his openings which was frustrating his opponent who clearly wanted a toe-to-toe battle and a solid right tagged Hirales midway through the second in which most of the work was controlled by the Commonwealth champion. Boxing on the back foot, Frampton drew Hirales in and caught with a short left hook which momentarily had the Mexican stumbling before regaining his composure only to walk into more single shots.     Marching on: Frampton celebratesFrampton was in control with his smart counterpunching but in the fourth round they came closer together and while the pace remained rather tame the Belfast varied his work well between the body and head. Hirales continued to fall short with his punches in a scrappy fifth round which saw Frampton get through with a couple of solid pot-shots but without following up with any great intensity and just before the bell they managed to fall over each other. Frampton looked as if he was in cruise control and Hirales was unable to shake him out of it as the 25-year-old Barry McGuigan protege bobbed and weaved his way around the ring and shot out eye-catching single punches in rounds six and seven. A clash of heads in the ninth brought up a marking around the Belfast man's right eye but he still managed to control the action with his sharp movement and quick handspeed as the clash between the two unbeaten men failed to live up to expectations. The action moved up a notch in the 11th round as they traded blows at close quarters and Frampton got the better of the exchanges with his quick combinations to the body and head, forcing Hirales to back off. Frampton capped a comfortable victory with an impressive final round as he whipped home his short hooks and slipped the counters of Hirales, just as he had done throughout the previous 33 minutes.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Training's a scream as Bute prepares to face Froch and his model girlfriend    I know what Frank’s going through, claims Hatton as Bruno struggles with depression    

Share this article
Share

     
