The man who made the world run: Engineer who pioneered the treadmill dies at 96 (and he was using one until two months ago) 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2178695/William-Staub-engineer-responsible-introducing-treadmill-homes-gyms-dies-96.html
 12:56 BST, 25 July 2012 
The man who made the world run: Engineer who pioneered the treadmill dies at 96 (and he was using one until two months ago)  By Anthony Bond   Published: 12:56 BST, 25 July 2012  |  Updated: 18:07 BST, 25 July 2012    


         e-mail          1 View  comments          Sad: William Staub, who is responsible for introducing the treadmill into homes and gyms around the world, has died A mechanical engineer responsible for introducing the treadmill into homes and gyms around the world has died.William Staub  built and marketed his first treadmill in the late 1960s which was made up of 40 steel rollers covered by an orange belt.It went on to become a huge success and the treadmill is now a ubiquitous part of daily life for millions of fitness fanatics around the world.William, who was 96, died at his home in Clifton, New Jersey, on Thursday. He has been spotted on a treadmill as recently as two months ago.When looking to develop the exercise machine in the late 1960s, he envisioned it as a tool for people who wanted to run or walk outside but didn't because of poor weather or other creative excuses. Dr. Kenneth Cooper, a health and fitness pioneer who used the machine to perform stress tests said that at the time, the treadmill was almost exclusively used by doctors.  William, who didn't exercise at the time, read Dr. Cooper's 1968 book 'Aerobics' which espoused the health benefits of exercise.  Speaking about how his father gained inspiration, Gerald Staub said: 'Dr. Cooper said if you ran a mile in 8 minutes and did it four to five times a week, you would always be in a good fitness category.  'He said even I - no excuses - I can afford 8 minutes. That's what excited him about it.'  The book mentioned a treadmill, and William wanted to develop it commercially so people could run their 8-minute miles indoors.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       A real stand-up guy: Dead New Orleans drummer Lionel Batiste...    

Share this article
Share

  'The treadmills we were using were very expensive, but there wasn't one on the market for the masses. And that's why he said, "We need this," Dr Cooper said. 'I encouraged it. I said, "If you can develop a treadmill that could be used in a home or an apartment it would be a slam dunk.' And it was."  But not at first. Gerald remembers having conversations with his father in which the two hoped to sell 10 or 12 treadmills a day.       Developer: William Staub envisioned the treadmill as a tool for people who wanted to run or walk outside but didn't because of poor weather or other creative excuses  The machine was a curiosity at trade shows because few had ever seen or heard of a treadmill.   'Some people couldn't pronounce it. They would call it a threadmill,' Gerald said. 'I would joke and say we were helping people get no place quickly.'  At the time, William owned an aerospace company called Besco but soon focused on selling his treadmill, the PaceMaster, through a company he called Aerobics Inc. William sold it to Gerald and another son in the 1990s, and the company folded in 2010. 'I don't think he thought it was going to be quite as big as it was,' Gerald said.   Barbara Bushman, a professor of kinesiology at Missouri State University, said William changed the way people exercise.   'From a public health standpoint, it's so encouraging. He really took away the excuse of the weather's not conducive to exercise today,' Mr Bushman said.  'The neighborhood conditions are not safe or optimal; it's early morning. All those excuses are really taken away with one piece of equipment.'  William was born in Philadelphia on November 3, 1915. His wife, Dorothy, died in 2007, and a daughter in 1977. Survivors include four sons and two daughters.He was fastidious about his diet and ate the same lunch for years at a time; tomato soup, toast and tea for a while, then a tomato sandwich with a slice of cheese and lettuce, Gerald said.   He was a lifelong bowler who once owned a bowling alley and loved to water ski and build model airplanes.  And he became a lifelong devotee of the treadmill.   'I saw him on the treadmill just a couple months ago,' Gerald said.  
