Can I have a haircut now please, Mummy? Boy, 5, demands to have his 18in-long locks trimmed for FIRST time after getting sick of being mistaken for a girl
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2114873/Five-year-old-gets-haircut-time-Rean-Carter-sick-mistaken-girl-demands-chop.html
 13:37 BST, 14 March 2012 
Can I have a haircut now please, Mummy? Boy, 5, demands to have his 18in-long locks trimmed for FIRST time after getting sick of being mistaken for a girlRean Carter forced to tie hair back in school for 'health and safety reasons'He will finally get into the barber's chair during his Easter holidaysHis brother Regan, 2, has also never had a haircut By Rob Cooper   Published: 13:37 BST, 14 March 2012  |  Updated: 09:43 BST, 15 March 2012    


         e-mail          511 View  comments    While other children might  have to be dragged kicking and screaming into the barber’s chair on their first visit, Rean Carter can hardly wait.The five-year-old has never had his hair cut, and his golden locks tumble past his waist. But after being mistaken for a girl, he is demanding a trip to the barber – and any tears on the day are more likely to come from his reluctant mother.                  Golden locks: Rean Carter, five, has to tie his hair back in school because it is a health and safety risk. His two-year-old brother Regan has also never been to the barbersLeeanne Smith, 30, said: ‘When Rean was born he had a lovely little curl of golden hair at the back of his head.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Britain's biggest burger! It's 18,000 calories (more than...    

Share this article
Share

 ‘I just could never bear to get it cut, not even his fringe.  ‘Now it flows all the way down his back to his bottom and is very beautiful and soft. When we go out he is often mistaken for a little girl. People say, “Isn’t she gorgeous”, but it has never bothered him. He just laughs.     Hair today, gone tomorrow: Rean Carter, five, will finally have his hair cut during his Easter holidays ‘It was only when he joined school and had to have it tied back in a ponytail, for health and safety, that some of the other little boys began to make fun. ‘They said he could not play  with them because he looked  like a girl. ‘I’ve already cried at the thought of him having it cut, and will cry again when it actually happens.’  Miss Smith, from Hylton, Sunderland, said her son inherited his curls from her partner Neil Carter, 48, a painter and decorator. She added: ‘Rean said he wants it shorter, and spiky on top. The barber will be under strict instructions not to take too much off. There will be no use of clippers.’      Cut it out! The schoolboy from Sunderland has been teased by classmates for looking like a girl and has asked his mother Leeanne to get his hair trimmed The youngster is raising money for charity by having his hair  cut, and has already collected  £82 from relatives, friends and classmates at Grange Park  primary school. The money will be donated to Sunderland Royal Hospital children’s unit, where Rean spent a week and a half in 2010, suffering from skin infection impetigo. Miss Smith, who works as a party organiser, said her son’s long locks would then be donated to a cancer charity for use in wigs.   
