Conor McGregor grabs Jose Aldo's UFC featherweight belt in heated press conference to set up Vegas grudge match
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/ufc/article-3020193/Conor-McGregor-grabs-Jose-Aldo-s-UFC-featherweight-belt-heated-press-conference-set-Vegas-grudge-match.html
 19:49 BST, 31 March 2015 
Conor McGregor grabbed Jose Aldo's belt in front of 5,000 screaming fans on Tuesday night after the UFC featherweight champion declared himself the King of Dublin.On the last stop of an eight-city, three-continent world tour, the challenger revelled in being back in his home city to promote the Las Vegas showdown on July 11. And the friction between the warring pair could lead to a staggering 1 million pay per view buys and a gate of $7m (£4.7m) at the MGM Grand.          Conor McGregor grabbed Jose Aldo's belt in front of 5,000 screaming fans on Tuesday night         McGregor, UFC featherweight champion, declared himself the King of Dublin         All appears calm as Aldo (left) and McGregor are paraded on stage in the Irish capital         UFC president Dana White - wearing an Ireland football shirt - steps in as tempers flare onstage       UFC president Dana White, who was wearing an Ireland football shirt, stepped in to prevent the showdownAnd after Aldo's taunt in the Irish capital, McGregor said: 'Him? You're looking at the king of Dublin,' before grabbing the belt. UFC president Dana White, who was wearing an Ireland football shirt, stepped in to prevent the featherweight showdown breaking out 14 weeks early as Aldo shouted obscenities in Portuguese while the crowd erupted.Both fighters answered questions from the rather biased crowd before facing off for one final time before they meet again in the summer.McGregor also revealed his plans for a feature-length film of his life following the success of his television show Notorious.'I’m proud of that show, that wasn’t for nothing. I had full creative control of the show,' he said.'I want a feature film now, two-and-a-half hours. I want it in cinemas all over the world, finishing my story.'Long after I’m gone, my story will still be told.                White smirks as McGregor hurls a tirade in the direction of his bemused Brazilian opponent         The pair continue to exchange views in a frank fashion in front of 5,000 spectators and the world's mediaAldo has not been beaten for 10 years and has made eight successful defences of his title, but McGregor has no doubt that his reign will soon be over.'I will hit him, I’m not trying to sell nothing, I’m trying to kill him. It’s not a joke, it’s not an act,' he added.'I want it, he doesn’t. He doesn’t want to hold onto that belt, it’s a mental sign, I’ve learned he does not want me near him.'He’s never seen anyone like me. Now I’m here, now he’s keeping quiet.'He’s banged up badly after every fight. There’s only so much the brain can take when you meet someone like me. He has been through the wars; I don’t have a scratch.'          RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       Conor McGregor predicts 'four minute' finish for Jose Aldo...    Thiago Silva backs Jose Aldo in UFC 189 by calling Conor...    Joseph Benavidez, Benson Henderson and Ricardo Lamas could...    UFC fighter Conor McGregor loses his cool during heated...      UFC fighter Conor McGregor poses with mountain of money as...    Ronda Rousey claims 'I'm the biggest draw in the sport' as...    

Share this article
Share
617 shares

 
