Norman wants Eels to attack tough NRL run
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/aap/article-6026851/Norman-wants-Eels-attack-tough-NRL-run.html
 18:37 BST, 4 August 2018 
 Parramatta playmaker Corey Norman wants his battling club to attack a testing bunch of NRL games, as they look for more opportunities to belt out their revamped club song and avoid the wooden spoon. The 28-12 win over Gold Coast at ANZ Stadium on Saturday improved the last-placed Eels' hopes of avoiding a third spoon in seven seasons. Five-eighth Norman's opportunistic 75th-minute try clinched the win which put last-placed Parramatta level on points with North Queensland and Manly, though the latter had still to play on Sunday. It will be no easy feat for Parramatta to add to their meagre tally of five wins, given the quality of opposition they will face over the final four rounds. Their run home includes matches against the Dragons, Roosters and Storm, all of who were in the top four after Saturday's games, plus a potential wooden spoon decider away to the Cowboys. "We've just got to attack it, playing three of the top eight teams it's exciting,' Norman told AAP. "We've got to go to the challenge, you get excited when you play the best teams." Norman insisted he hadn't been distracted in the leadup to Saturday's games by reports Gold Coast chairman Darryl Kelly told News Corp Australia that he wasn't a good fit for the Titans' culture. "You're wise enough to keep your head out of the press and worry about what you can control and what you need to do," Norman said. He is contracted to Parramatta for next year though speculation continues about where he will play in 2019. "I'm still contacted here and I'm sure if anything else changes, everyone will know about it, I'm still here next year,' Norman said. Following the win over the Titans, the Eels let rip with the new version of the club song organised by young five-eighth Jaeman Salmon, who made his NRL debut against Gold Coast off the bench. "The last couple of years we've been singing the same song and Salmon said 'why don't we try this song?' and it's a bit more upbeat and it's good and we all get involved," Norman said. "We tried it at training and it didn't go too well, but tonight it went well. "It's totally different. I couldn't tell you what the lyrics are, but it's got a good little chant in there and it gets everyone going."
