Can the 'cellulite slayer' banish YOUR orange peel? Black Belt Judo champion-turned-beautician claims her firm hands knock INCHES off clients' bodies
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-4608040/Can-cellulite-slayer-banish-orange-peel.html
 09:09 BST, 22 June 2017 
Dreading getting into your bikini this summer because of your lumpy legs? You're not alone. Eighty per cent of women suffer from cellulite - including svelte stars such as Kim Kardashian and Sienna Miller.A host of products and wacky gimmicks, from detox diets and green tea patches to miracle 'cellulite melting' knickers, claim to tackle orange peel thighs - but the latest could be the most bizarre yet. A quirky bottom massage treatment, performed by former Black Belt Judo champion TetyanaProbyy-Holova, fromLondon, is billed as helping to banish dimply flesh, love handles, fat deposits and water retention.       The Cellulite Slayer, as she is known, promises you'll lose inches after just one £120 treatment - and has released a video showcasing her bizarre technique. Tetyana, who was the female National Judo Championships of Ukraine winner, credits her athletic prowess with giving her more power in her hands.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       A picture doesn't ALWAYS say a thousand words! Why posh...    Enjoy a cup mid-morning, avoid having more than four and...    

Share this article
Share

 She told MailOnline: 'Judo helped with getting lots of power in my hands, which has enabled me to perform firm treatments.'I also find that understanding how much commitment and dedication sportsmen and women have and what challenges they face helps me to do better sports massages.'         Tetyana, from London, was the female National Judo Championships of Ukraine winner and credits her athletic prowess for giving her more power in her hands         A quirky bottom massage treatment, performed by former Black Belt Judo champion, claims to treat ladies with orange peelThe treatment at Neville salon, which is dubbed the 'Body Re-Shaping Massage', is a hands-on, lymphatic drainage based, deep tissue and 'shaping' massage. Tetyana also uses a cup-shaped vacuum vessel that she claims leaves no cellulite or fatty deposits behind.The treatment starts with a vigorous full body exfoliation with a nourishing algae based scrub that leaves the skin prepared for the massage.          Tetyana Niroomand-Rad, from London, is known as The Cellulite Slayer, and has released a video showcasing her bizarre technique       Within the treatment, Tetyana uses a cup-shaped vacuum vessel that she claims leaves no cellulite or fatty deposits behind HOW DOES IT WORK?  Lymphatic drainage is a therapeutic massage treatment. The massage uses very light pressure and long, gentle, rhythmic strokes to increase the flow of lymph and reduce toxins in the body.From goodspaguide.co.uk   Tetyana, who also has a degree in physical therapy, then combines Bio Oil with essential oils, before beginning a deep-tissue, all-over body massage, combined with lymphatic drainage. Once the blood is circulating and muscles are relaxed, the targeted 'problem' areas - such as the outer thigh and 'love handles' - are deeply kneaded and fatty deposits are broken down.She then introduces her manual cupping technique to physically 'shape' the contours of the body. Tetyana claims that the cupping suction leaves fat 'crying under the pressure'.          Tetyana also lathers the skin with Bio Oil and essential oils, before beginning a deep-tissue, all-over body massage
