Kell Brook to fight Errol Spence Jnr in IBF welterweight title defence with Bramall Lane set to play host
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-4221210/Kell-Brook-fight-Errol-Spence-Jnr-IBF-defence.html
 21:46 BST, 13 February 2017 
Kell Brook's next fight will be against the mandatory challenger for his IBF welterweight belt, Errol Spence Jnr — with Bramall Lane lined up as the venue.Promoter Eddie Hearn announced that terms had been agreed for the fight on Monday night before hinting that Sheffield United's Bramall Lane would play host.'Terms agreed for @SpecialKBrook v @ErrolSpenceJr,' Hearn wrote. 'Full announcement coming soon. Fight will take place in the UK. Best fight in the division.'           Kell Brook will fight Errol Spence Jnr in a defence of his IBF welterweight title on May 20 Terms agreed for @SpecialKBrook v @ErrolSpenceJr -full announcement coming soon -fight will take place in the UK. Best fight in the division— Eddie Hearn (@EddieHearn) February 13, 2017 The fight is likely to take place on either May 20 or May 27.Brook has not fought since he was defeated by middleweight champion Gennady Golovkin at The O2 Arena in London in September. The 30-year-old underwent surgery on a broken eye socket sustained during that fifth-round stoppage.         Spence Jnr will pose a stern test for 30-year-old Brook after terms were agreed on Monday         Sheffield United's home Bramall Lane is being lined up as a potential stadium venueAfter jumping up two weight divisions to face Golovkin, Brook has elected to return to welterweight and face mandatory challenger Spence, aged 27. Brook claimed the IBF belt with victory over Shawn Porter in August 2014 and has since defended his title three times against Jo Jo Dan, Frankie Gavin and Kevin Bizier.Spence is unbeaten in 21 professional bouts, with 18 knockout victories.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Kell Brook to fight Errol Spence Jnr in IBF welterweight...    Manny Pacquiao launches Twitter poll to find next...    Kell Brook isn't scared of fighting Errol Spence, only Amir...    Kell Brook gives up on Amir Khan showdown and is set to...    

Share this article
Share
12 shares

   
