EXCLUSIVE: This is how they treat your luggage in Orlando. Ground crew are FIRED after being caught lobbing suitcases and slamming bags to the ground
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4750882/Ground-crew-caught-film-lobbing-suitcases-airport.html
 20:41 BST, 1 August 2017 
Airport ground staff have been caught on video throwing passengers' suitcases onto a luggage belt in footage which will disturb other travelers - and fired as a result.The workers at Orlando International Airport in Florida were filmed as they raised bags above their heads and sent them crashing onto the conveyer while they unloaded a Virgin Atlantic flight.In the video, three workers sent the suitcases bouncing up and down as they slammed them onto the carousel.Two hours after DailyMail.com first published the video, Orlando Airport said they had fired the workers.In a statement the Greater Orlando Airport Aviation Authority said: 'Providing safe, secure and excellent customer service is our mission at Orlando International Airport. 'The incident viewed is not an example of the level of service we strive for. The employees involved have been removed from working at the airport.'                Caught: This is the moment one worker lifted a bag to head height before sending it crashing down on the baggage conveyor       And crashing down: This is how another member of the ground staff at Orlando International Airport dealt with one passenger's bag        Thrown through the air: The ground crew caught on camera behaving without any respect for the passengers' luggage repeatedly threw bags through the airThe footage was filmed by Matthew Campbell, 19, who lives in Croydon, South London, as he sat on board British Airways flight at the next stand.The arriving Virgin Atlantic flight's origin is not known but on the day Campbell made the film – July 27 - the airline had planes land at Orlando from both London Gatwick and Manchester Airports in England and from Glasgow Airport in Scotland. Campbell said he couldn't believe their behaviour as they threw passengers' belongings like they were rubbish bags.He said: 'I saw it out of the window and I couldn't believe it. It was ridiculous.'They were throwing the bags and I wouldn't be surprised if people's suitcases and belongings were broken by the way they were hurling them.'I had to film it for evidence. I'm not sure why they were behaving that way.'Maybe it's because they work long hours and were tired, but either way it shouldn't be allowed to happen.'It's put me me off flying Virgin Atlantic altogether. I don't want my luggage to be treated that way.'Campbell, who was returning home after a two-week cruise from Orlando to Aruba and the Dominican Republic with friends, added that his suitcase has been damaged in transit before and he now wonders whether careless airline staff were responsible.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 3 Next       Air passenger 'attempted to smuggle working pipe bomb onto...    REVEALED: TWO Lebanese-Australian father and son teams are...    EXCLUSIVE: 'I drank whisky, she kissed me... we had sex':...    Frozen human remains found near aircraft wreckage on Mont...      'This is getting ridiculous': British holidaymakers faint...    Emergency declared on board Thomson flight from East...    The pain in Spain falls mainly on the plane: British...    British tourists finally arrive home after their flight from...      Plane stupid! Two Air Algerie pilots are suspended after...    'It was as close to a major attack as we have ever come':...    

Share this article
Share
1.5k shares

          Unclear origin: The Virgin Atlantic flight was from the UK. The airline's flight arrivals that day were from London Gatwick, Manchester and Glasgow. He said: 'Last May, when I went to Houston, I picked up my suitcase at the airport and it had been broken.'It was a hard case and when it came back, it was cracked - now I know why'I filmed it so that people know how airport staff handle their suitcases.'I think Richard Branson would be disgusted if he knew the way the luggage on his flights are being treated.A spokesperson for Virgin Atlantic said: 'We're aware of a video showing some ground staff at Orlando Airport handling baggage without the due care and attention that we would expect.'We are disappointed to see the footage, and are investigating to ensure this doesn't happen again.' 
