Mother, 55, dies after being impaled by flying UMBRELLA that got caught in strong winds at Virginia Beach
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3633348/55-year-old-woman-fatally-stabbed-umbrella-Virginia-Beach.html
 14:38 BST, 9 June 2016 
A day at the beach turned tragic after a 55-year-old woman was fatally stabbed in the chest by an umbrella as it became caught in a strong gust of wind.Lottie Michelle Belk, of Chester, was identified as the victim of the freak accident at Virginia Beach. One witness said Belk was talking to children the moment she was impaled by the umbrella just after 5pm on Wednesday.               Lottie Michelle Belk, 55, (pictured right in 2014 with her daughter Jasmine) was killed when she was fatally stabbed in the chest by an umbrella at Virginia Beach         Belt was impaled by an umbrella identical to this one. It had been anchored in the sand before wind gusts ranging from 20 to 25mph blew it across the beachPolice received a report of a woman in cardiac arrest on the beach, and found Belk suffering from a life-threatening injury, according to WAVY. She was rushed to a local hospital, where she died from her injury. The umbrella had been anchored in the sand before wind gusts ranging from 20 to 25mph blew it across the beach. Witness Hugh Martin, who works on the boardwalk, said the horrific scene looked like something out of 'Wizard of Oz'. 'I saw the umbrella go up in the air and literally hit the woman, knocking her to the side,' he told WTVR. 'Immediately, the lifeguards and people start rushing around. It was probably the most scariest thing I've ever seen.'  The Virginia Beach Police Department Homicide Unit is investigating the death, but foul play is not suspected.            RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Girl, 13, killed in freak hammock accident after brick post...    Woman, 55, killed on Sundance zip line died after 'hitting a...    

Share this article
Share

          Police received a report of a woman in cardiac arrest on the beach (pictured in a file photo), and found Belk suffering from a life-threatening injury
