Davidson's three HRs lead White Sox over Royals
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-5560781/Davidsons-three-HRs-lead-White-Sox-Royals.html
 00:57 BST, 30 March 2018 
 Matt Davidson became the fourth player in MLB history to belt three homers on Opening Day, driving in six runs Thursday as the Chicago White Sox routed the Kansas City Royals 14-7 at Kauffman Stadium in Kansas City, Mo. In joining George Bell, Tuffy Rhodes and Dmitri Young as the others in that club, Davidson cracked a solo shot in the fourth inning, unloaded another solo blast an inning later and capped his historic day with a three-run clout in the eighth. Bell and Young also used Kansas City pitching as their avenue to three-homer games. Bell blasted his homers in 1988 and Young did it in 2005. Chicago finished with six homers, becoming the first team to belt a half-dozen bombs in a season opener since the New York Mets did it in 1988 in Montreal. Tim Anderson cracked a pair of homers for the White Sox, tying the game in the fourth with their third homer of the inning and following up with a two-run blast in the fifth that made it 8-4. Jose Abreu also belted a two-run shot in the fourth to start Chicago's comeback from a 4-0 deficit. The beneficiary of all the offense was James Shields, who put the White Sox in a big hole 16 pitches into the game. He gave up three singles in a row, with Mike Moustakas' single scoring Jon Jay, and then served up a three-run homer to Lucas Duda. From that point, Shields allowed just two more baserunners before departing after six innings. He gave up five hits and four runs, walking one and fanning none. Danny Duffy absorbed the loss for the Royals, permitting seven hits and five runs over four innings while walking two and whiffing five. Duffy sailed through three innings before getting shelled in the fourth, yielding six hits, including Yoan Moncada's RBI double that put Chicago ahead to stay. The White Sox rapped out 14 hits and also drew seven walks. Anderson and Yolmer Sanchez each knocked in three runs. --Field Level Media
