ARL Commission vows to tighten its belt
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/aap/article-5530597/ARL-Commission-vows-tighten-belt.html
 07:38 BST, 22 March 2018 
 The ARL Commission (ARLC) has signalled it's ready to tighten its belt as the game tackles the decline in grassroots participation. ARLC chairman Peter Beattie has announced all commissioners will travel economy class on most flights as they try to curb expenditure and win back disenchanted fans. His predecessor John Grant was criticised for over-spending on travel and accommodation and being out of touch. And while Beattie said he did not want to be seen as having a shot at Grant, he said it would be hypocritical of him not to reduce excess as certain sections of the game struggled. "If one of the commissioners travels, if it's less than two hours, they travel economy," Beattie said. "We just need to send a message that those savings will be put back into the game. "We may well be entrusted to run the game for a short period of time but we've got to show we're here for the game - not for ourselves. "Secondly, commissioners will have to stay in our sponsors' hotels. That is not just a sign of giving back to our sponsors - that will save us money. The money saved out of this program will be reinvested in the game." Beattie said his predecessor's actions had nothing to do with the announcement which was made after the first meeting of the new-look ARLC board which had added Peter V'landys and Amanda Laing. Neither Beattie nor NRL CEO Todd Greenberg could elaborate on how much would be saved, but said it was imperative that cost-cuttings were made where possible as the game battled to hold onto players. Greenberg said male participation in the 13-17 age bracket was down by a "couple of percentage points" and the decline was particularly worrying in metropolitan Sydney. Greenberg said the NRL was investigating all factors which had contributed to the drop, including the quality of coaching, spectator behaviour and competition structure. "We're talking about participation, encouraging people to stay in the game," Beattie said. "We want to broaden the base through participation and we're trying to say, by example, we will travel economy, stay in cheaper hotels, stay where our sponsor hotels are, we'll save money and reinvest it in the game. "I can't change the past but I can change the future. That's what we're doing."
