Most solar system's asteroids came from just five or six smashed ancient planets, scientists say
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-5910111/Most-Earths-meteorites-came-just-five-six-ancient-planets-scientists-say.html
 19:00 BST, 2 July 2018 
A handful of minor planets formed early in the solar system's life are responsible for the majority of meteorites found on Earth, researchers have found.They say the breakup of these planets is responsible for at least 85 percent of 200,000 asteroids in the inner asteroid belt.The find sheds new light on the potential threats to our planet and how we can protect ourselves from it.Researchers say it could also help in search for a 'second Earth' by showing astronomers the most likely areas to look. Scroll down for video            The Florida researchers say the breakup of these planets is responsible for at least 85 percent of 200,000 asteroids in the inner asteroid belt WHERE DID THE METEORITES COME FROM? A handful of minor planets formed early in the solar system's life are responsible for the majority of meteorites found on Earth.Researchers say say the asteroids in the inner main belt originate from the Flora, Vesta, Nysa, Polana and Eulalia families. They say the breakup of these planets is responsible for at least 85 percent of 200,000 asteroids in the inner asteroid belt. The other 15 percent may also trace their origins to the same group of primordial bodies, but astronomers are not yet sure. They say the asteroids in the inner main belt originate from the Flora, Vesta, Nysa, Polana and Eulalia families. 'These large bodies whiz by the Earth, so of course we're very concerned about how many of these there are and what types of material are in them,' said Stanley Dermott, the paper's lead author and a theoretical astronomer at the University of Florida. 'If ever one of these comes towards the earth, and we want to deflect it, we need to know what its nature is.'The study, published in Nature Astronomy, concluded  at least 85 percent of 200,000 asteroids in the inner asteroid belt - the main source of Earth's meteorites - originate from five or six ancient minor planets.The other 15 percent may also trace their origins to the same group of primordial bodies, said Dermott.'I wouldn't be surprised if we eventually trace the origins of all asteroids in the main asteroid belt, not just those in the inner belt, to a small number of known parent bodies,' Dermott said. Building knowledge of the evolutionary history of bodies that formed our early solar system helps theoretical astronomers answer questions related to where planets like our own might exist in the universe, the team said.The discovery is also important for understanding the materials that shaped our own rocky planet, Dermott said.   RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Mysterious 'night-shining' clouds that glow BLUE and only...    Scientists observe first visual evidence of devastating...    Rare 'shelf cloud' appears like an apocalyptic nightmare as...    The secret to winning a World Cup penalty shootout: Going...    

Share this article
Share
16 shares

        It provides a more robust understanding of the evolutionary history of asteroids and the materials that form them - information Dermott says could prove essential to protecting the Earth and ourselves from meteorites the size of the Statue of Liberty and asteroids more powerful than atomic bombs.Dermott's team demonstrated that the type of orbit an asteroid has depends on the size of the asteroid. This finding suggests that differences in meteorites found on Earth appear because of the evolutionary changes that occurred inside a few large, precursor bodies that existed more than four billion years ago, Dermott said.   
