Investing Show: What is happening to house prices and the property market?
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/money/investingshow/article-5840331/Investing-happening-house-prices-property-market.html
 07:00 BST, 14 June 2018 
The property market is slowing and house price inflation has eased back but is this just being driven by London and the commuter belt? While London has sunk to the bottom of the house price league, the rest of the country is not doing so badly.However, the property market has history of following where London leads - meanwhile, buy-to-let is no longer bolstering prices. Andrew Montlake, of Coreco, joins the Investing Show to explain what is happening.        In the second part of the show, Richard Hunter, of Interactive Investor, looks at the Government's recent RBS share sale and why it was willing to sell at a loss.Meanwhile, with Lloyds doing well financially but treading water on the stock market, he also looks at how bank shares compare.          RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       Woodford's flagship fund was my first investment - but now...    Why would you pay 65% extra for an investment trust? We...    MINOR INVESTOR: The 20 most consistent investment trusts...    Bitcoin price tumbles to its lowest level this year: Those...      Share this article Share      HOW THIS IS MONEY CAN HELP     How to choose the best (and cheapest) DIY investing Isa - and our pick of the platforms        THE INVESTING SHOW: IDEAS TO MAKE MORE OF YOUR MONEY       Can UK shares shake off the Brexit hangover?      Is commercial property an unloved investment ripe for returns?      Buffettology manager's tips on picking shares to beat the market      Invest in the UK's best companies and beat Brexit: Free Spirit manager      Are house prices due a fall or could there be a Brexit deal bounce?      Profit from smaller company shares but take less risk - Gresham House...      How to find the world's best dividend shares: Evenlode Global Income...      The US is expensive and the UK is unloved, so it's time to be picky:...      Ruffer made 23% when shares crashed in 2008, so where is it investing...      The shares hit the hardest in the stock market slump (and those that...      How to invest in improving our world: From a reverse vending machine...      Mark Mobius: 'Emerging and frontier markets are cheap'      How to invest around the world the easy way - and try to dodge crashes      How impact investing can profit from the companies that will shape our...      Did England's World Cup run boost the economy?      How to find the best companies - and make sure their shares are worth...      What is happening to house prices and the property market?      Three opportunities to profit for investors - from gold and oil shares...      What you need to know about global funds - and finding the world's...      When is a good time to start investing - and how can you cut the...      What you need to know about crowdfunding, peer to peer, and Innovative...      How to invest in retirement: The Investing Show Live      Tips to invest your Isa - and what to think about if you're worried...      Why now is the time to invest in Vietnam      Get a 4% dividend from the future of medicine: International...      Asia's best companies can deliver for the next 20 years - we speak to...      Where are the best places to invest in 2018 - and will UK shares be...      How to find cheap shares: Fidelity Special Situations value investor...      Buy unloved banks, not expensive beer - how to invest for higher...      'You can't beat the market, so profit from being a passive investor',...      How to invest for income and growth: Tips from dividend hero Brunner's...      How to invest like Warren Buffett in the UK: Buffettology manager's...      How investors can learn from Black Monday and other crashes      Tax relief and tax-free dividends, should you invest in a VCT?      How to profit from technology and hunt for the next consumer stars...      Should investors be fearful or greedy right now?      As house prices slow and tax bites, is buy-to-let still worth doing?      Gervais Williams's tips to pick the best small company shares      Britain is leaving the EU, but should Brexit-hit investors dive in?      Are stockmarkets too expensive to invest right now?      Should you invest in India? Manager whose fund is up 40%      Is it time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed yet, warns Tom Becket      John Redwood: Has the French election rescued the euro?      Will shares go off the boil or keep on rising?      Tips to choose the best funds for your Isa      Can you profit from the growing Chinese middle-class?      How to make sure all your eggs aren't in one basket      Templeton Emerging Markets' Carlos Hardenberg on what next      Who is buying gold now and is it set to rise again?      Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends      How to profit from property in the world's best cities       Previous  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17    Next    
  DM.later('bundle', function(){
    if (DM.Rotator) {
      new DM.Rotator('p-31', {
        pageSize: 3,
        pageCount: 17.0,
        rotate: false
      });
    }
  });
  
