Stratton helps Giants avoid sweep vs. Dodgers
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-5854815/Stratton-helps-Giants-avoid-sweep-vs-Dodgers.html
 00:25 BST, 18 June 2018 
 Chris Stratton did not allow an earned run, while Nick Hundley and Brandon Belt hit home runs as the visiting San Francisco Giants earned a 4-1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Sunday. The Giants finished their 10-game road trip with a 4-6 record and now head home to open a 10-game homestand. The victory prevented a three-game sweep by the Dodgers. The Dodgers fell to 11-3 in June, as they failed to hit a home run for the first time this month. Their only run scored on a throwing error by Giants catcher Hundley in the first inning. Hundley had already given San Francisco the lead by then, crushing a pitch from Dodgers rookie Caleb Ferguson into the seats in left-center field for his eighth homer of the season. Brandon Belt, who returned Saturday after missing 13 games following an appendectomy, added a two-run home run in the third. It was Belt's 12th home run of the season. Along with giving up an unearned run over six innings, Stratton (8-4) allowed three hits with a walk and struck out three. San Francisco is now 11-4 during his 15 starts as he improved to 5-3 on the road. Stratton is now 5-1 over his last seven starts. Hunter Strickland recorded the final two outs for his 14th save in 17 chances. Ferguson (0-1) gave up four runs (three earned) on two hits with a walk and six strikeouts. He pitched five innings for the first time, after pitching a combined 6 2/3 innings over his first two career outings. The Dodgers' 13-game home run streak was the second longest in baseball, behind a 16-game run by the Philadelphia Phillies in May. The last time the Dodgers did not hit a home run was May 31 against the Phillies in a game started by Aaron Nola. The Dodgers' bullpen went four more innings Sunday to give them 120 total since May 17. It represents the second-most in baseball to the 154 1/3 innings over that stretch from the Tampa Bay Rays. --Field Level Media
