David Cameron fails to make cut on Time magazine's list of 100 most influential people in the world... but Kim Jong Un, Malala and Jay-Z do
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2311222/David-Cameron-fails-make-cut-Timess-list-100-influential-people-world.html
 18:54 BST, 18 April 2013 
David Cameron fails to make cut on Time magazine's list of 100 most influential people in the world... but Kim Jong Un, Malala and Jay-Z doPublication has printed seven special front covers for first time this yearList also includes PayPal founder Elon Musk, Indian actor Aamir Khan and actor Justin TimberlakeBy Daily Mail Reporter   Published: 18:54 BST, 18 April 2013  |  Updated: 09:04 BST, 19 April 2013    


         e-mail          152 View  comments    Prime Minister David Cameron has been snubbed off the list of Time magazine's 100 most influential people in the world, it emerged today.The publication has printed its annual Time 100 which features U.S. President Obama, rapper Jay-Z  and the controversial leader of North Korea Kim Jong Un.It also includes the brave Taliban shooting victim Malala Yousafzai, who was treated at a Birmingham hospital following her shocking attack.                Snubbed: Prime Minister David Cameron, left, has been left off the list of Time magazine's 100 most influential people in the world. However, Taliban shooting vicim Malala Yousafzai, right, is included However, despite also featuring a host of other leaders, as well as actors and musicians, Mr Cameron does not feature.For the first time this year the magazine features seven special edition front covers, each showing one of the members from the list.They include actress Jennifer Lawrence, business mogul Elon Musk, Senator Rand Paul, tennis star Li Na and Indian actor Aamir Khan.      Icon: Rapper Jay Z has been named as one of the most influential people in the world by Time magazineMalala Yousafzai made world headlines around the world when she survived being shot in the head by the Taliban in revenge for her standing up for the right to go to school in her home country.The 15-year-old spent hours undergoing major surgery at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham where surgeons tried to repair the damage caused by a bullet which grazed her brain.She has since set up the Malala Fun, a charity to help educate children in her home country.Also appearing are President Obama, for the eighth time, and his wife Michelle, as well as several celebrities, including Justin Timberlake, Breaking Bad star Bryan Cranston, Oscar-winning actor Daniel Day-Lewis, talk show host Jimmy Fallon and singers Christina Aguilera and Beyonce. The issue, which goes on sale tomorrow, features a profile of each entrant written by another high-profile star. Jay-Z was profiled by Michael Bloomberg, who wrote: 'Jay-Z embodies so much of what makes New York, New York. 'A kid from a tough neighbourhood who grows up in public housing, overcomes lots of bad influences on the street, never lets go of his dream, makes it to the top - and then keeps going, pursuing new outlets for his creativity and ambition. 'When no one would sign him to a record contract, he created his own label and built a music empire - before going on to design clothing lines, open sports bars and, most recently, represent professional athletes.                Charismatic: For the first time this year, the magazine is producing seven front covers featuring a member on the list, including actress Jennifer Lawrence (left) and PayPal co-founder Elon Musk (right)                Honoured: Taliban shooting victim Malala Yousafzai (left) and Indian film actor Aamir Khan (right) also feature'In nearly everything he's tried, he's found success. (He even put a ring on Beyonce.) And in doing so, he's proved that the American Dream is alive and well.'Meanwhile, Lawrence was praised by Jodie Foster, who wrote: 'You'll remember where you were when you first felt it, how you were stuck to one spot like a small animal considering its end.  'The Jennifer Lawrence Stare. It cuts a searing swath in your gut. A reckoning. I remember going to the cutting rooms of Winter's Bone. I thought, Sure, this girl can act. But, man, this girl can also just be.'                   Making their mark: Chinese tennis player Li Na (left) and U.S. Senator Rand Paul (right) on their front covers  Time magazine's managing editor Rick Stengel: 'This year we are trying something new: seven cover portraits of Time 100 honorees who reflect the breadth and depth of our list, each one profiled inside—as is our tradition—by an equally luminary voice.'We commissioned the renowned photographer Mark Seliger to create the covers. 'The shoots took him and his crew to Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Washington and Birmingham, England, where he took the first formal portrait of Malala since she survived a vicious attack by the Taliban last October.' Time Magazine's top 100 most influential people in the worldTITANSJay Z                  (Rapper and record producer)Valerie Jarrett      (Senior adviser to Obama)Oh-Hyun Kwon   (CEO of Samsung)Elon Musk          (American entrepreneur)Scooter Braun    (Talent manager)Kevin Systrom     (CEO of Instagram, below)        Michael Kors       (Fashion designer)Palaniappan Chidambaram  (Indian politician)Ren Zhengfei     (Chinese businessman)Ted Sarandos   (Netflix chief content officer) Gina Rinehart    (Australian mining tycoon)Markus Persson and Jens Bergensten (Minecraft developers)Igor Sechin   (Close ally of Vladimir Putin)Tadashi Yanai  (President of Fast Retailing)Sam Yagan    (Match.com CEO)Shonda Rhimes  (American screenwriter)Lebron James  (Basketball player)David Einhorn  (Hedge fund manager)Magnus Carlsen  (Chess grandmaster)Sheryl Sandberg  (Businesswoman)LEADERSRand Paul  (Junior U.S Senator for Kentucky) Noynoy Aquino  (President of the Philippines) Barack Obama   (U.S. President) Chris Christie    (Governor of New Jersey) Hassan Sheik Mohamud (President of Somalia) John Brennan  (CIA director)      Park Geun-hye  (President of South Korea) Yair Lapid    (Finance Minister of Israel) Wayne LaPierre  (U.S. author) Kamala Harris   (California Attorney General) Fethullah Gulen  (Turkish author) Xi Jinping  (General Secretary of the Communist Party of China) Wilfredo De Jesús  (Pastor) Tom Coburn  (U.S. Senator) Kim Jong Un (North Korea leader, pictured above)   Abdullah Ocalan  (Turkish political activist) Enrique Peña Nieto  (President of Mexico) Elena Kagan  (Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States) Joe Biden  (U.S. Vice President) Susana Martinez (Governor of New Mexico) Mario Draghi  (Italian banker) Joyce Banda  (President of Malawi) Pope Francis  PIONEERSAamir Khan   (Indian actor)Andrew Ng and Daphne Koller (Founders of online education platform Coursera)Marissa Mayer  (CEO of Yahoo!, pictured below)Hannah Gay, Katherine Luzuriaga and Deborah Persaud  (AIDS researchers)          Bassem Youssef    (Egyptian TV host)Joaquim Barbosa  (Chief Justice of Brazil)Vrinda Grover   (Indian lawyer)Perry Chen  (Kickstarter CEO)Roya Mahboob  (Afghan entrepreneur)David Coleman  (College Board President)Travis Tygart   (U.S. lawyer and CEO)Eric Greitens  (Author and Navy SEAL)Andrew Sheng (President of Fung Global Institute - a think tank)Don Yeomans  (Scientist)Jared Cohen   (Author)Moncef Marzouki  (Interim President of Tunisia)Christopher Fabian and Erica Kochi  (Work on strategy at UNICEF) Kimberly Blackwell  (Breast cancer specialist)Kai-Fu Lee  (Computer scientist)Mary Nichols (Environmentalist)Peter Theisinger and Richard Cook (Rover drivers for NASA)ICONSMalala Yousafzai  - (Education activist)Lena Dunham   (Actress)      Mario Balotelli    (Italian footballer)Peng Liyuan   (Chinese singer)  Aung San Suu Kyi  (Burmese Politician, above)Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde  (Actress)Lindsey Vonn  (Alpine skier)Justin Timberlake  (Singer and actor)Gabrielle Giffords (U.S. politician)Beyoncé  (Singer)Daniel Day-Lewis  (Actor)Kate Middleton  (Duchess of Cambridge)Michelle Obama (U.S. First Lady)Li Na  (Chinese tennis player)ARTISTSJennifer Lawrence  (Actress)Christina Aguilera  (Singer-songwriter)Steven Spielberg  (Film director)Jonathan Ive  (Designer at Apple)Alex Atala  (Brazilian chef)Ed Ruscha  (American artist)Miguel  (Record producer)Mindy Kaling  (Actress)Jenna Lyons  (Fashion designer)Bryan Cranston  (American actor)George Saunders  (Writer)Jimmy Kimmel  (Comedian)Wang Shu  (Architect)Hilary Mantel  (Author)Frank Ocean  (Singer-Songwriter)Jimmy Fallon  (Actor and comedian)                  
