North Korea 'fires a ballistic missile into the East Sea' just a day before Trump and China's Xi meet to discuss Kim Jong-un's rogue nation
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4380890/North-Korea-fires-projectile-East-Sea.html
 23:26 BST, 4 April 2017 
North Korea has fired a ballistic missile 37-miles into the East Sea - just hours after it threatened to strike back if it was hit with tougher sanctions over weapons tests.The launch happened just 48 hours before US President Donald Trump was due to meet Chinese President Xi Jinping to discuss North Korea.  Pyongyang fired the device - believed to be a KN-15 medium-range ballistic missile -from the Sinpo region on its east coast into the sea off the Korean Peninsula, according to South Korean military.It comes after a top US official warned that the 'clock as run out' on years of diplomatic attempts to restrict Pyongyang's nuclear and missile plans.          North Korea has fired a projectile into the East Sea just hours after it threatened to hit back if it was hit with tougher sanctions over weapons testsAccording to Yahoo News, the unnamed official said at a briefing: 'The clock has now run out, and all options are on the table for us.' The isolated state has quickened its missile programme in recent months, with a volley of tests it says are putting it closer to acquiring the ability to hit the US mainland with a nuclear weapon. The launch comes as President Donald Trump threatened the United States was prepared to go it alone in bringing Pyongyang to heel if China did not step in. US-based analysts have said North Korea appears to be preparing a new atomic test.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 Next       New York Democratic senator drops THREE f-bombs in...    Islam critic and author Ayaan Hirsi Ali - who called on...    Press for bubbly: Champagne and caviar will be delivered to...    House Intelligence Committee Democrat predicts Trump...    

Share this article
Share
895 shares

 It has staged five nuclear tests so far, two last year.North Korea's foreign ministry on Monday assailed Washington for its tough talk and for an ongoing joint military exercise with South Korea and Japan which Pyongyang sees as a dress rehearsal for invasion.The 'reckless actions' are driving the tense situation on the Korean peninsula 'to the brink of a war', a ministry spokesman was quoted as saying by the official KCNA news agency.The idea that the US could deprive Pyongyang of its 'nuclear deterrent' through sanctions is 'the wildest dream'.       North Korea boasts a huge military and frequently threaten retribution for what it says are plans by the US and its allies for an imminent invasion       President Donald Trump, who meets his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping this week has warned the US is prepared to act unilaterally to counter the threat from North Korea       'Now that the US fails to face up to the trend of times but incites confrontation to strangle the DPRK (North Korea), the DPRK is left with no option but to take necessary counteraction against it. 'The world will soon witness what eventful steps the DPRK will take to frustrate the hideous and reckless sanctions racket', he said without elaborating.North Korea frequently makes unspecific threats in its state media.President Trump has been advised by senior US military officers that efforts to stop Kim's nuclear missile program must include China. Trump is due to meet Xi in Florida on Thursday and Friday at his hotel.On Tuesday, General John Hyten, the head of U.S. Strategic Command, said it was difficult to see a solution to North Korea that did not involve China.He told the US Senate Armed Services Committee: 'Any solution to the North Korean problem has to involve China. 'I am a military officer, my job is to provide military options to the president ... but I look at it from a strategic perspective and I can't see a solution that doesn't involve China.' 
