Chinese President Xi tells India he wants to lift ties to 'a higher level' 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/indiahome/indianews/article-2927249/Chinese-President-Xi-tells-India-wants-lift-ties-higher-level.html
 01:31 BST, 27 January 2015 
         China's premier Xi Jinping said he was keen to lift the partnership between China and India 'to a higher level'As US President Barack Obama continued his bonhomie with India and unveiled plans to deepen strategic ties, his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping said in a Republic Day message to President Pranab Mukherjee that he is keen to lift the strategic cooperative partnership between China and India “to a higher level”.In a message to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang also said his government was “ready to work with India to deepen their mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields and build a closer partnership of development”. While China has been closely following the outcome of the Obama visit, Chinese State media in recent days sought to play down any concerns China might have about the deepening of defence and maritime security ties between India and the US. India has assured China that it will not join any efforts aimed at “containing” China — a message that External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj is likely to repeat when she arrives in Beijing on Saturday. Beijing has recently blamed the US for allying with its neighbours like Japan and Philippines to contain China’s rise. Chinese officials said on Monday they believed India would not play any role in any country’s “containment” plans. Xi, in his message to President Mukherjee, said China was “delighted with India’s achievements in its development”, the official Xinhua news agency quoted him as saying. “Both China and India, as two ancient civilisations, are pursuing a great dream of national rejuvenation,” Xi said in the message. With the coming year marking the 65th anniversary of the founding of diplomatic ties, Xi said China was “willing to make concerted efforts with India to lift their strategic cooperative partnership oriented to peace and prosperity to a higher level”.    RELATED ARTICLES  Previous 1 2 Next       A giant leap for India-US relations: Obama and Modi share a...    Pakistan's army chief visits China as US and India bond      Modi's US visit bolstered ties with America       Share this article Share   Beijing insists India and US 'have nothing to worry about' over South China Sea  By Ananth Krishnan China on Monday said there was no need for India and the US to have concerns about navigation in the disputed South China Sea. The statement came a day after both the countries issued a first ever “joint strategic vision” for the Asia-Pacific. The joint vision issued by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama did not directly mention China, but made a clear reference to regional concerns over the South China Sea, which is contested by China and more than half a dozen Southeast Asian countries. The statement stressed “the importance of safeguarding maritime security and ensuring freedom of navigation and over-flight throughout the region, especially in the South China Sea”, and also called on “all parties to avoid the threat or use of force”. China had in the past bristled at the US and external interference in the dispute, holding that it is only for the involved countries to resolve the issue. The Chinese Foreign Ministry repeated its position on Monday in response to a question about the India-US statement, saying it “believes relevant disputes should be resolved by the parties directly concerned though peaceful talks and consultations”. China also said it believed that India’s accession into the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) — the global body governing nuclear trade — would first require consensus and discussion among the members. The US on Sunday reiterated its support for India’s membership and said it believed India met all the requirements. “It needs prudence, caution and thorough discussion among all members,” Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Hua Chunying told reporters, adding: “We support this discussion and also India’s inclusion in the group when it meets all requirements.” Responding to Indian and American concerns about freedom of navigation in the South China Sea, Hua said: “At the current stage, the situation in the South China Sea is generally stable and there is no problem with navigational freedom and freedom of overflight. We believe no problems will crop up in the future.”
