Clinton holds applause on US-N Korea talks
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/aap/article-5725713/Clinton-holds-applause-US-N-Korea-talks.html
 08:01 BST, 14 May 2018 
 Hillary Clinton has credited South Korean and Chinese leadership for paving the way to a historic meeting between North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump. The former US secretary of state spoke to packed audiences in Sydney and Melbourne last week, sharing the stage with former Australian prime minister Julia Gillard. Mrs Clinton has hosed down calls for Mr Trump to be given a Nobel Peace prize if the June 12 meeting in Singapore is successful in ridding the Korean peninsula of nuclear weapons. "We've been down this road with the North before, where they've made promises and then within a year or more it's determined that they have broken those promises," she told ABC 7.30 in an interview that will air on Monday night. "Look, if there is a positive outcome that can be verified... not a one-off announcement at a summit, I will join in the applause." She says China and South Korean diplomatic efforts had been a game changer. "I think the change in leadership in South Korea is significant," she said. "The new president (Moon Jae-in) came in with a very public view that he wanted to see if there could be a rapprochement -- the dream of the South has always been reunification." The Chinese had also been active, she said, pointing to the two meetings between Mr Kim and Chinese President Xi Jinping in the lead-up to the Singapore talks. In the wake of claims of Russian meddling in the US election and the debate in Australia about Chinese influence, Mrs Clinton reiterated warnings about taking the threat of foreign interference seriously. "I don't care what side of the political aisle you might be on, in either Australia or the United States. We have an interest in making sure that decisions that are made by our governments are not the result of some kind of influence peddling by a foreign power," she said.
